Good morning, sir. Is there a bank near here?
There is one. 5 blocks away from here?
Well, that's too far.Can you change some money for me?
Surely, of course. What kind of currency have you got?
RIB. How much would you like to change?
1000 Yuan.Here you are.

Good afternoon. This is Michelle Li speaking, calling on behalf of IBA. Is Mr Meng available at all?
This is Mr Meng speaking, Michelle.
Oh, hello?! Sorry about that. I'm just calling to say that we've received your new Corporate Credit Card from HQ.
That was quick?! I wasn't expecting it until later this week.
Yes, our application procedures have speeded up since we started using the new fast-track system.
Shall I come in and collect it? Or we can send it to you. But if you would like to use it at the ATM, you'll need to wait for your PIN number.
Mmmm... if I come in and collect it this afternoon, is there any way I could use it today? Petty cash is getting low, so I need to draw some money.
As long as you bring your ID, etc, we can serve you over the counter. But you won't be able to use the ATM until your new PIN number arrives.
I see. Yes, that's fine. I'll be there at around 2:30 pm. See you later, and thanks.

What qualifications should a reporter have?
As a reporter, he must have acute insight and language skills. At the same time, he must have good judgment, the respect for his job and tactical cooperation with others.
Can you work under pressure? You know, people working here are all busy everyday since we're daily newspaper.
I think I've got used to work under pressure. I will adjust myself to the step of your newspaper quickly.

Hi, good morning, Miss? what can I help you with?
Good morning I'd like to mail this box of books to Taiwan.
OK, please put it on this scale.Airmail or by sea?
How long does it take to reach Taiwan by sea?
Usually about two month.
That's too long.How long does it take to reach Taiwan by airmail?
About ten days.
Then how much is that by airmail?
Let me see.It' s 57 dollars, 20 cents, including tax.
That's a little bit expensive.
Although it's expensive to send it by airmail, it's quicker and safer than by sea.
I guess I have to send it by airmail. Do you want to ensure the contents, Miss?
Yes, please.
Please fill out this form, also please write the value of the items in this space.
OK.

Excuse me, ma'am. Can you tell me where the nearest postoffice is?
Of course. Go straight ahead. Turn right at the next street. You'll see a tall, yellow building.The post office is on the first floor.
Do you mean that I go that way for one block, then turn right?
Yes, you are right.
Is it far?
No, It's only about five minutes' walk.
Thank you very much.
It's my pleasure.

Could you give me some advice on how to bring up my son properly? He's a bright boy, isn't he? But he always wimps out of difficulty.
Don't worry, he'll make good progress step by step.

I'm in 507. I have a few problems with my room.
What is that problem, sir?
There are cockroaches in my room.
Are you sure, sir? Flies I could believe, but cockroaches?
I've counted nine different cockroaches, and I accidentally stepped on another one.
Sir, we run a spotless and cockroach-less hotel.
You dare to doubt me?
I'm sorry, sir. Let me transfer you to my supervisor.

Excuse me, sir, I'm afraid you can't park your car here.
Why not? It's my parking space.
I'm afraid not, sir.
Oh? That's a surprise. Let me see... D 0411 Our dog's birthday. Yes, I'm sure this my parking space?!
But I saw a red car always parking here before.
Oh, we've just repainted our car. It was red. Maybe.
But the car of this space has a broken rearview mirror on the left.
Yeah. It used to. We got that fixed yesterday too.
Could you wait for a minute, sir? I'd like to have a check.
Sure, go ahead.
Sorry, sir, my mistake. This is your parking space.
That's all right. It's not your fault.

What can I do for you today?
I need to buy a new refrigerator today.
Were you looking at a particular refrigerator?
I like that Kenmore refrigerator.
This particular refrigerator is a very good choice.
Tell me about it.
Not only is it affordable, but it comes with all the appliances.
What are the appliances.
It has an ice maker, water dispenser, and plenty of room on the inside.
I'd like to see it for myself.
Go right ahead.
I like what I see.

Oh, well. It was fun to be the winner. But... it's too big. I must be an extra small in the States.
So what about the tennis racket?
Look?! It's amazing. I can't wait to try it out?!
How much did that end up costing you?
Oh... around twenty bucks. A bargain if you ask me.
Look at the picture of her playing with it?! Hey, two for one. That's a super deal. And here's her signature?!

Can I help you?
I'm looking for someone who works here, but I lost his business card. His name's Long or Sang or something like that.
Chang?
Yeah, that sounds right.
There are about twenty people named Chang who work here. What department?
Let me think... accounting, finance, something like that.
Eric Chang in accounting?
That's him?!
I'll call him and tell him you're here.
I appreciate your help.
Would you like to have a seat over there? It'll just be a minute. And can I have your name?
Here's my card.
OK. I'll have him come up to get you.

Hello, Sir. You're here to discuss the Network Settlement Service, right?
Yes, that's right. We want as much info as possible before we agree to anything.
Yes, it's important to be all clued up before you enter into any agreement. To make full use of the Network Settlement Service and take advantage of the whole banking system, we provide internal fund transfers, account inquiry, agency clearing to name but a few.
So, do you think our corporation will be eligible for this?
Yes, and it's extremely simple. All you need to do is make a Network Settlement Agreement with us.

Dear, time is up, let’s go there now.
Just a minute. I’m putting on my clothes. Have you taken the key to the door?
Yes.
Oh, dear, I can’t find my hairbrushes. Can you help me?
Where have you put it?
I put it in the dressing room.
Are you sure?
Yes, quite sure.
Then, have you looked downstairs?
Yes, I’Ve looked everywhere downstairs.
Look, dear. It’s over there.
Where?
On the floor.

Excuse me, sir. You can't park here.
I am just waiting for my friends. It won't be long.
Sir, the curb here is not for parking.
But I didn't see the sign, Ma’am.
There is a sign at the corner of the street. When you turned in here, you should have seen it.
I didn't see it.
I am sorry, sir. I have to give you a ticket. You can appeal to the court within 14 days. You will avoid paying the fine if you can prove that you are not at fault.

Are you a goal-oriented person?
Yes, I am. I always make a plan before I do anything.
Where do you want to be in 5 years?
I don't want to have a specific title. I just want to enjoy what I am doing.
That sounds very reasonable. It's the most important thing to me.
If you are hired, how long do you plan to stay with us?
That obviously depends on how things go - - whether I'm suited to the firm and the firm to me.
Tell me about some of your recent goals and what you do to achieve them.
I want to put my knowledge and experience to use in a challenging position. In order to achieve this goal, I just want to work step by step.
What is your long-range objective?
I haven't thought it over at all.
What do you think is the most important thing when looking for a job?
I think the most important thing is the interest in the job.

I'd like to open a current account.
Certainly. May I see your social security and your ID, please.
Here you are.
I wonder how much interest can I earn from a current account.
Oh, current accounts don't pay out interest.
Why is that?
It's primarily designed for business transactions. That is, writing checks to pay for bills, buying things and sending money. We won't expect a large amount of deposit in a current account.
I see. How do I draw money for my own use then?

Good morning, Helen.
Good morning, Steven. So, what's the status of our advertising campaign?
It'll be a national campaign starting next week.
What style will the ads be?
I suggest that we focus on slice of life, showing how you can beat the summer heat by biting into a cool ice-cream sandwich.
Sounds like a good idea. Will we have a new slogan?
Definitely.

I'd like to taste some local dishes. What would you recommend?
That's fine. You must try this dish.
Could you tell me how this thing is cooked?
It's fish steamed and served with our special sauce.
Is it good?
Sure. It's a most popular dish.
I think I'll try it, and give me some green salad together.
We have two dressings for salad. Which one would you like?
What kind do you have?
We have French and Thousand Island.
Make it Thousand Island.

Taxi?! Where will you go, sir?
Friendship Hotel.
OK, it's not far from here. I have something important to do, can you fast the speed?
Sure, I'll try my best.
Here we are. How much should I pay you?
The reading on the meter is 15 yuan.
Here's 20 yuan, keep the change.
Thank you very much.

Mr. Johnson’s office. Cindy speaking.
Hi, Cindy. It’s Michael Kurt. Is Mr. Johnson in?
No, I’m sorry, Mr. Kurt. He’s stepped out for a bit. Would you like me to have him call you?
Yeah, that’ll be great. I’m on extension 4283.

Hi, Mark.
Hi, Bill. I’d like to take the apartment I looked at yesterday.
All right. So, what do we do now?
This is the lease. You should read the lease very carefully before you sign it because it describes your legal rights and responsibilities as a tenant. The lease also describes our rights and responsibilities as landlords.
Okay.
( Reads the lease )
So, according to the lease, I’ll deposit one month’s rent as a security deposit, and I have to pay the first month’s rent in advance. I understand that I’ll get the security deposit back when I move out if the apartment does not need any costly repairs.
Yes. If you do not damage the apartment, you will get your security deposit back when you move out.
Can I pay you by check?
Sure. A check will be fine. Is there a laundry room in the basement?
Yes. Can I sign the lease right now?

Good morning?! What can I do for you?
I'm thinking of travelling to Suzhou in July. Could you recommend some tourist programs for that?
With pleasure. We arrange two kinds of tourist programs for Suzhou, a six-day tour by train and a five-day flying journey.
How much does a six-day tour by train cost?
Five hundred yuan.
Does that include hotels and meals?
Oh, yes, and admission tickets for places of interest as well.
That sounds reasonable. What about the five-day flying journey? How much is that?
Eight hundred and fifty yuan.
Covering all expenses?
Yes. But there is no half fare for children. They must pay full fare.

I can't believe you wear jeans to the office?! Are you trying to lose your job?
Of course not. I'm just observing casual day. On Fridays, the company doesn't require us to wear formal business attire.
Wow?! Nobody told me about that. Won't the relaxed dress code damage the company image?
We don't think so. Casual days are becoming more common, and we believe employees can maintain a professional image without wearing uncomfortable clothes.
I guess it lets people express their individual tastes.
But won't some people abuse it?
Not really. Besides, there is a separate dress code for casual day. People can't just wear whatever they want.
It seems that a relaxed atmosphere could hinder productivity.
Believe it or not, it has the opposite effect. Employees are actually more productive on casual days.

ABC Company, my name is Lucy. How can I help you?
Hello, Lucy, this is Monica. I’m calling for the accountant position. I saw the information about the vacancy on your company’s website. Is it still available?
Thank you for your interest. The position is still available. Have you already sent your CV to us?
No, not yet. First, I want to check about the availability and see if you could give more information.
It is urgent for us to fill this position now and I would like to stress that English is a must because of the international contacts and most likely traveling abroad very soon. If all these is not problem for you, I recommend you to mention these in your cover letter and send it to me directly.
The notification period of my current job is not that long and I’m quite profession to English and I am happy with the traveling abroad as I’m good dealing with the people from other cultures. It makes the whole job even more interesting.
I will send my resume to you still this week.

Can I help you?
Yes, do you have any rooms available?
A single?
No. I need a double and three triples. My family is waiting for me in the car.
Please fill out this form, sir.
Ok... Here you are.
Here are your keys. Check out time is noon.
Is breakfast included?
No.

Why didn't you go to school yesterday?
I stayed home because I wasn't feeling well.
What was your problem?
My stomach was bothering me.
Are you feeling any better?
I'm still feeling a little sick.
I'm going to the store, would you like any Pesto Pistol?
I'd appreciate that.

Excuse me, but please empty your pockets of all the metal things and put them in this tray.
Including my keys?
Yes, and please step over there.
All right. What shall I do now?
Just open your bags so we can check them. After that you can pick them up right behind that X-ray machine.
I've got film in my bag.
That's all right. This machine will not damage the film.
That's fine. Can I have your boarding pass? We need to stamp it.
Sure. Here you are.
Thank you.
Am I through now?
Yes. Here is your boarding pass.
Thank you and goodbye.
Bye.

Welcome to Flash Foot, sir.How can I help you?
I’d like extra prints made of these photos. Do you have your negatives?
Yes.Here they are. I’Ve marked how many prints I want on each shot.
What size do you want the prints?
Four by six, except this one. I want a ten by thirteen print of this one.
Okay, they’ll be ready for you in an hour.

Is there anything I can do for you?
I'm interested in taking a tour to Sydney.
Well, we have a package tour there.
How much does it cost?
$ 600.
Does that include the insurance?
Of course.

Hello, Mr. Wang. I am glad to meet you here at the fair.
Like wise. Take a seat, please. How about a cup of tea?
Sure. Thank you.
It seems your business is prosperous. There are many customers here.
Yes, it's not too bad. Our sales are going up year after year. And we still have a large potential production capacity.
Well, what do you think of choosing a commission representative or agent abroad to promote your sales?
That's a good idea. So far, we have several agents abroad.
We are willing to be your agent in Thailand for hand-held tools. What do you think?
That sounds good. Then, what's your usual commission rate for your agents?
Usually, we give a commission of 4 % to our agents.
4 % is too low, I think. You see, we have a lot of work to do in sales promotion, such as advertising on radio or TV, printing booklets, leaflets, catalogues and so on. It all costs money, 4 % is not enough.
Don't worry. We'll allow you a higher commission rate if your sales score a substantial increase.
You mean to saya
It sounds OK. Then how do you pay the commission?
We may deduct the commission from the invoice value directly or remit it to you after payment.
All right. If it's okay, we would like to sign an agency agreement with you immediately.
Think it over. We hope to keep a good business relationship with you.
Thank you for your help.

I'm glad these batteries are on sale.
I'm sorry. These batteries are not on sale.
But that's what the ad said.
I'm sorry. If you look at the ad again, you'll see that the other brand is on sale.
Oh. You're right. I misread the ad.
Yes, many people make that mistake.
Well, you can't blame them. It's a confusing ad.
You're right. Many ads are like that.
Well, as long as I'm here.
Just one second, and I'll give you the batteries that are on sale.

Hi, Jack, we are having a party tonight, wanna coming enjoy us? You can bring your girlfriend, Tina.
I don't have a girlfriend. I'm single.
Oh, that's right. Well, there are going to be many beautiful girls at the party tonight, anyway.
No, I like being single. I never thought lonely, I'm focus on my career. Maybe I'll start to look for my girl when I achieve success.
Why is that? Because I'm living a real world, a man enriched have a good career and make a lot of money. Franklin speaking the girls I've met wounldn't married a man wounldn't make enough money.
I agree, a man needs good career.But that doesn't mean he should have a little fun, too.

So, Casey, how are things going with the photos for the press kit?
Yeah, I’Ve been meaning to talk to you about that. I might need to ask for an extension on that deadline.
You’Ve had over a month to get this finalized?! Why are things delayed?
Well, the thing is, we ran into a lot of problems...
I’m not looking for excuses here. I just want to get this finished on time?!
I know, and I apologize for the delay. But some things were just beyond my control. I had trouble booking the photographer, and then Michael was sick for three weeks, so I couldn’t include him in the photos, and the design team lost all the files, so I had to re-do the pictures.
I’m not going to put this off any longer, Casey?! I want those photos ASAP?!

Yes, sir? Can I have Mr. J. Smith paged? He said he'd be in the main dining room.
I'm Mr. J. B. White. Who would you like to have paged again, sir?
Mr. J. Smith.
Where would you like him to come?
To the front desk.
Just a moment, please.

Can you help me find a lotion for a problem I am having?
That’s what I am here for. What questions can I answer for you?
I have poison oak, and I need help with the rash that won’t stop itching.
The best product is Techne, and you can buy either the lotion or cream.
Which one is best?
The cream form is very popular.
Can I do anything else to help with the itching?
You could also take an antihistamine to help the rash go away quicker.
I appreciate you helping me find a solution to the itching.
Anytime you have a question, please feel free to ask.

Excuse me. Something is wrong with my bank card. Can you help me?
Yes. What's the problem?
Just a mistake with my name. It should be issued as Steven, but the card is under the name' Steven'.
Oh, I am very sorry about that. It's our fault. I will arrange someone to correct it immediately.
OK, no problem. To err is human.
Anyway, we apologize for the inconvenience we have brought you. Please just wait for a moment, and it will be fixed.
Thank you very much.

We are doing Secret Santa at the office again this year.
Whose name did you pick?
I got Jacob. Any ideas what to get him?
Booze?!
Yeah, you’re right. Can’t go wrong with that.

Is everything to your satisfaction?
No, the steak was recommended, but it is not very fresh.
Oh, sorry to hear that. This is quite unusual. I will look into the matter.
This is very annoying.
I'm sorry, sir. Do you wish to try something else? That would be on the house, of course.
No, I don't risk it.
How about a delicious dessert then, with our compliment?
I'm not keen on dessert as a habit. They are fattening.
I see, sir. I'm sure everything will be right next time you come.

Excuse me, are you Jane?
No, I'm Mary.
Oh, are you in Class Four?
No, I'm in Class There.

Excuse me, but I'm not feeling too well. I think I'm going to throw up.
There's an airsickness bag behind the seat that's in front of you.
I must've missed it. Is this your first time flying?
Yes. I'm going to San Francisco.
Oh, it's a beautiful city. I think you'll like it.
Hey, I'm feeling much better already.
Sometimes if you don't think about it, that sick feeling will go away on its own.
Thanks.
By the way, my name is Mary.
I'm Frank. Nice to meet you.

Welcome to Al's Bakery. What can I get you?
Hi?! Let me get a dozen croissants, four blueberry muffins and a loaf of sourdough bread.
Sure. Would you like to have the loaf sliced?
No, that's OK. Do you have any whole wheat bread?
We are out at the moment. May I suggest some rye bread?
Sure that sounds good. Do you have any cakes?
We have various birthday cakes and also ice cream cakes.
I'll just take a cheesecake.
Will that be all?
Yes.
Your total is forty three dollars and twenty cents.
You got it.

Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, we are happy you have all come out for our training workshop. Today we have a great line-up of speakers to talk to you. First on our program is a well-renown expert in the field of international economic development, Harvard's own Dr. James Smith. Dr. Smith has been involved in economic research for over twenty years, and has taught at Harvard since 1995. And now, without further adieu, we'd like to welcome Mr. James Smith.
Thank you, Mr. Jackson, ladies and gentlemen, colleagues, friends. The subject of my talk is international relations in a morgen world. I plan to say a few words about the current situation in the Middle East and how it affects world economy. I'd like to give you an overview of the way that the economies of seemingly unrelated countries are intertwined. I've divided my talk into three parts, first an overview of international relations, second a discussion of current political situations, and lastly trends for the future. My presentation will take about two hours, but there will be a twenty-minute break in the middle. We'll stop for lunch at 12.

You're looking rather pale, why?
I couldn't sleep well recently.
You'd get plenty of sleep for you work so hard.
I always drink too much wine in the evening.
You shan't drink more wine in the evening.
Yes, you are right.
And you'd take some exercise every day.
Many thanks for your advice.

Hello Mrs Parker, how have you been?
Hello Dr Peters. Just fine thank you. Ricky and I are here for his vaccines.
Very well. Let's see, according to his vaccination record, Ricky has received his Polio, Tetanus and Hepatitis B shots. He is 14 months old, so he is due for Hepatitis A, Chickenpox and Measles shots.
What about Rubella and Mumps?
Well, I can only give him these for now, and after a couple of weeks I can administer the rest.
OK, great. Doctor, I think I also may need a Tetanus booster. Last time I got it was maybe fifteen years ago?!
We will check our records and I'll have the nurse administer and the booster as well. Now, please hold Ricky's arm tight, this may sting a little.

I’m interested in teaching at your school.
Great. Are you a qualified teacher?
Yes.
What kind of teaching certificate do you have?
I have a TEFL certificate.
How many years of experience do you have?
I have three years of teaching ESL and four years of teaching per-school children.
When did you get your TEFL certificate?
I got my TEFL certificate three years ago.
Why do you want to teach at our school?
Well, I’Ve heard many good things about it. I also like teaching young children.
That’s great. Can you speak Chinese?
Yes, just a little.
Can you come in for an interview tomorrow at 10:00?
I sure can.
Great. See you then.

Why is the car before us stopping?
What's going on? Look. Two cars are standing right in the middle of the road and the drivers are shouting rude words to each other.
That's why that car stops.
More and more people easily get irritated while driving.
Yes. This is what is called road rage.

This is today’s schedule. At 8 thirty AM, conference with the department managers. At 9 o’clock, live for the workshop where you’ll award prizes to the staff for preventatives.
That’s great. What are the prizes?
3000 RIB as bonus for each person. To encourage the staff increases.
Ok. Next thing is laying the corner-stone for the new plant at 10 AM. At 12 AM, back here for lunch. What about the afternoon? At 2 PM, give a presentation here with the press. At four o’clock sharp, have dinner with Mr. Smith, manager of NCC.

This is Lincoln Bank, Consumer Credit Department. How can I help you?
Ah, hello. I'm calling to find out how I apply for a car loan.
We offer a Personal Automobile Consumer Loan. The application process is pretty straight forward. I trust you have enough funds to cover the 20 % down payment?
Yes, I do. It's ready and waiting in my account.
The next step is for us to recommend a dealer to you, who are already contracted to us, so...
Could I just stop you there? Sorry to interrupt, but I have already been to your appointed dealer and selected the car I want.
That will certainly cut down the processing time. We can move on to the next step. Do you have the purchase price?
Yes, it's 110,000 RIB. So, with the down payment done, I will need to borrow 70,000 RIB.
What we need you to do next is to come into the branch with a correctly filled in application form, ID card, proof of residency, proof of income, the agreement from the agent and of course the 20 % down payment.
Yes, I have everything here.
OK, I'll come in and see you later today. Maybe I could have my new car as early as next week?! How exciting?!

Hi, my name is Tom.
Tom, the new sales representative? Nice to meet you?! I'm Melinda.
Nice to meet you too.Melinda. Now let me show you around. This is our reception area, and our conference room is right over there. Over here is the sales department.
Really? This is a nice office, but it's quite small.
Yeah... You can make photocopies and send faxes over there.
It looks like you guys work hard.
I tell you what just between you and me, we just mess things up so that it looks like we work hard.Just kidding.
Oh, your cubicle is over the. And this way. Those are all private offices the managers offices.
Hmm... Tell me more details about our jobs.
Sure thing.

What do you think of our price? Your price has gone up sharply, hasn't it?
Yes. We regret we cannot maintain our original price. Since the prices of the raw materials have been raised, we have to adjust the price of our products accordingly.
I agree with you there, but your price is unreasonable.
I don't think so. You must compare our price with that of other export houses. I'm sure our offer is in line with the prevailing market price level.
I don't think we'll be able to pay the price.
To have this business concluded, you need to lower your price at least by 3 %.
I’m afraid that there is no room for any reduction in price.
Don't you agree with me that in the long run, moderate prices will bring about large sales and more profit?
We've already cut down our price to cost level.
Is that all?
Yes, this is the best we can do.
I'm sorry we can't handle the price you offered.

So, Jimmy, how does it feel to have your own money?
It’s great, dad. I don’t mind delivering papers, but the real fun is collecting the money.
Even though you are only twelve, it’s not too early to start saving a little money.
I’Ve never had a bank account before. Why don’t I just keep my money under the matters like grandpa does?
You know you would spend it. And also, money in the bank earns interest.
But what if I need my money suddenly?
The bank will give you a PIN, and you can withdraw money from any ATM.
Great?! So it’s almost the same as keeping it under the matters?!
Not quite. You have to maintain a minimum balance of twenty dollars. And sometimes the bank has service charges. But you don’t have to worry about that yet. Let’s go make your first depot OK.
Guess I have to do that before. I can make money my first withdrawal.

Is this where I can catch a bus to the theater?
Yes, but you can't get there with out a change.
Which bus do I have to change?
You have to get off at the hospital and change for bus 15.
I see. Thank you.

Here we are, Joan. This is the Palace museum, also known as the Forbidden city.
Oh, how splendid?! Can you take a picture of me here?
Sure.

Excuse me. I'm afraid I got lost. Where am I on this map?
We are here, bus station, we are in the heart of the city.
Oh?! Can I go from here to the Zhongshan Park?
Head straight up the street about two blocks then turn right.

Tony, could you tell me if there are any special rules about the job?
Working hours are from 8: 30 a. m. to 5:00 p. m. Be sure not to be late or absent. Report to the manager by filling in the' Monthly Report' every month.
Is there anything else? How about my salary?
Our company has a strict and reasonable salary standard. On the 20th day of every month, you can get your salary on time. Benefits depend upon the length of service and the employee's past attendance record.
Wow, thank you for telling me these. Do you mind telling me something else, like attendance record, holiday, and how to ask for leave?
All new members are likely to ask the same questions. Haha.
I can understand that. Every month you have three days off, besides the weekends and some important holidays. After you've been here for a year, you qualify for a one-week vacation. The leave less than a half-day should predict for an hour, and more than a half-day should predict three days.
Okay, that's good. I get it.

Kate, you never believe what's happened.
What do you mean?
Masha and Hero are getting divorced.
You are kidding. What happened?
Well, I don't really know, but I heard that they are having a separation for 2 months, and filed for divorce.
That's really surprising. I always thought they are well matched.
What about the kids? Who get custody?
Masha, it seems quiet and makable, no quarrelling about who get the house and stock and then contesting the divorce with other details worked out.
That's the change from all the back stepping we usually hear about.
Well, I still can't believe it, Masha and Hero, the perfect couple.
When would they divorce be final?
Early in the New Year I guess.

Overseas operator. I would like to make a collect call to Taipei, Taiwan, please.
Your name, please.
Tim Chen.
What's the number, please.
The area code is 2, and the number is 2367-9960.
The line is connected. Please go ahead.

Hello. Excuse me.
Yes. Can I help you? Do you remember me? I just had lunch here a half hour ago.
Of course I remember you.
I think I lost my wallet here.
Oh, no. Really? I didn't see anything.
Really? You didn't find a wallet?
No, I didn't.
Would you like to go look by the table with me?
Yes, I would.
It's not here. And it's not on the floor.Has anyone sat at this table since we left?
No. It's been empty the whole time.
Hmm. I don't know how it could have happened.
I remember, sir, that your friend took the bill.You didn't pay for the lunch yourself, did you?
No. My friend did.
Then are you sure you took your wallet out of your pocket while you were here?
No, I'm not sure. But I usually take out my wallet when I sit down.It' s uncomfortable to sit on it. So I usually put it next to me on the table.
Maybe you lost it before you came here. Or maybe you left it at home.
I don't think it's at home. I think I had it when I left the house.But what should I do?
Well, the first thing you should do is make sure it's not at home.Then, if it isn't, you need to call your credit card companies and cancel your cards. Next, you need to replace whatever you lost, your driver's license, things like that.
Should I call the police?
You can if you want. But the police usually don't do anything about lost wallets.
Hmm. I'll go home and check. Maybe you're right. Maybe it's at home.
I'm sorry we couldn't find it, sir.
Thanks for your help.

Good morning, young lady. You can call me Ma. Do you see anything you like?
Yes. Many things?! I especially love this beautiful quilt.
That quilt was passed down to me from my ma in Holland.
It sounds like a special quilt. Why do you want to sell it?
Well, this home is too big for me now, so I'm moving to an apartment that is much smaller. Therefore, I need to part with a few things.
Oh, I see. Umm, how much do you want for the quilt?
Is fifteen dollars OK?

Have you got change for a thousand?
Let me see.

May I come in, Mr Sun?
I’d rather you didn’t, Miss Yang. I’m very busy now.
Can I try later then?
Yes, of course.
Is it all right for me to come in now, Mr Sun?
Well, uh... I’m still pretty busy, but... all right. Come in.
What can I do for you?
Do you mind if I sit down?
Not at all. Take a seat. Now what can I do for you?
I want to leave the department. Do you think I could put info a transfer?
Yes.
But why should you want to do that?
Do you mind if I speak frankly?
Not at all. Go ahead.
Well. You see, I don’t like the office. I don’t like the staff. And I’m afraid of you. And I don’t want to go one. So may I put info a transfer?
Yes. I’d be delighted if you did.

Where is that? Take me to the airport, please.
Are you in a hurry?
I have to be there before 17 o'clock.
We'll make it except a jam. You know it's rush hour.
There's an extra ten in it for you if you can get me there on time.
I'll do my best.
Here's twenty dollars. Do you have small bills?
No. If you can't break it, keep the change. But can you give me a receipt?
Here is your receipt.
Thank you.

Recently I have been getting headache and my eyes don't seems to see focus properly.
When did you last time have your eyes checked?
Two years ago. At that time I had no problems.Now I can’t even make out something ten meters away.
Come over here. I will test your eyes. First cover your left eye like this, and when I point, please read the chart from the top, and go as far as you can, telling me which way the “ E ” points.
All right. Good.Now the other eye. Well, this one is worse.
Never mind, just read as far as you can.
I can only read the first three lines.

Is there a car park near the supermarket?
Yes, there is an underground car park near the supermarket.
I see. Thanks.

Oh, come on, Ultraman?! What's up, Bro? What's in the bulletin?
It says that there will be a blackout from 5 p. m. to 7 p. m. in our neighborhood today.
Blackout? Even the TV has the limit. Don't you know you will look like a monster in the blackout?
Oops, no, Daddy can't watch American Idol, either?! That's not the point.
Come on, can you imagine that there will be no electricity on such a hot day? Oh, my god?! No air-conditioner?!
OK, since you are the smart one, can you come up with a better plan? So that we won't be baked like cookies here.
How about playing Barbie out there in the neighborhood?
Barbie? You know, I might be seven, but I'm not a girl.
Do you have a better plan?
All right, all right.

Yes, ma'am, how could I help you?
I am wondering if you do facial care?
Yes, we do.
How much would it be?
From 200 to 800.
I'm afraid 800 is too expensive for me. Could you recommend something around 300?
No problem.

Can I help you, Miss?
I would like to order 2 office-style cabinets and desk calendars. We want office-style cabinets in white. The catalogue number is 90-f-2356.
How soon do you want it?
Could you deliver it tomorrow?
No problem. Please handle the items carefully.
Certainly.
We will pay by collect on delivery.

I hate to do this to you, Alice, but I’m going to have to ask you to put in some more overtime.
Does it have to be this afternoon, Mr. Fairbanks? I’Ve already made plans.
Well, I would have preferred to do it today, but if you’Ve already made plans, we can do it tomorrow.
I’d appreciate that, sir. How long do you think you’ll need me to stay?

What’s your attitude when do wrong things at work?
The buck stops here.

Hello?! Is your company advertising for administrative assistant on the newspapers?
Well, Administrative assistant with shorthand and typing skills are badly needed here.
First I want to check about the availability and see if you could give me more information.
The position calls for a person with some working experience. We must be able to benefit from your analytical and interpersonal skills. Can you deliver your resume to us first?
Of course. I will deliver my resume to you in minutes' time. I hope you will consider my application and I shall appreciate a reply at your earliest convenience.
OK. I will call you soon. Bye now.
Bye.

Just as the saying goes, every potter praises his own pot. You should pay special attention to selling yourself properly in the interview. It is especially important for the graduates who step into the job market for the first time. You'd better prepare what you are going to say in advance, in order to have a good performance in the interview. The contents should be mainly descriptions of your background. And the length depends on the particular situation. Only when you are aware of what the interviewer will be interested in, can you make a targeted preparation. To sell yourself successfully, you should leave the interviewer a deep impression. Selling yourself should go straight to the point, and the statement should be clear and brief. It should also be truthful and realistic. Do not blindly blow your own horn. You should particularly state your strong points which are closely related to the position you are applying for. While you should not omit your weak points, they need to be described appropriately Time permitted, you could add certain examples to your description. Besides, in the interview, it is best that you make corresponding adjustments to apply your prepared contents flexibly.

Hello?
Hi, Deborah?! This is John. I'm calling from Australia.
What are you doing in Australia?
I'm attending a conference in Sydney this week. Remember?
Oh, right. What time is it there?
It's 10:00 P. M. And it's four o'clock in Los Angeles, right?
Yes - four o'clock in the morning.
4:00 A. M.? I'm really sorry.
That's OK. I'm awake now.

John hasn't turned up and Stefan is ill. Do we have anyone on stand-by?
I'm afraid not, we're very short-staffed at the moment.
Can you ask the shift supervisor to ask one of his team to do some overtime?
Perhaps Tommy can stand in for an hour or two until we find a replacement.

Jack, let’s go?! Oh, you are out of breath?! What happened?
Some people are wildly shooting on the next street. We must leave here as soon as possible?!
Take it easy. They will get caught.

Hello. May I speak to Jerry, please?
Sorry, but he is out for lunch right now.
I see. Can you give me some idea how long he'll be back?
I think he will be back around 2:00. If you like, please leave your name and phone number, I'll have him call you as soon as he comes back.
That's nice. My name is Steven, my phone number is 6789777.
Okay, I'll be waiting for his call. Thank you and bye?!
My pleasure, bye?!

Excuse me, Miss. What can I do for you?
I've just heard an announcement that my flight has been delayed.
What's your flight number?
Flight CA216 to Chengdu.
Yes, it's true. It has been delayed.
Could you please tell me why?
Yes, of course. The delay is due to heavy rain.
How long will the delay be? Do you have any further information about it?
I am sorry, we don't know the extent of the delay at present. But according to the latest weather forecast, there will be a change in weather soon. We have to wait.
Well, is it possible for the rain to stop before noon?
It's hard to say. Weather is so changeable in the summer. Please listen to the latest announcement about your flight.
Yes, I will. Thanks a lot. Bye?!
Bye

What are we going to do? I can't get the car out of this ditch. I'm stuck?!
I'm worried, Tom. I haven't seen any other cars for almost an hour.
I know. This is terrible. What can we do? This snow doesn't stop falling?!
I told you we should have stayed in town today.The weather report said 100 percent chance of snow.Why did you want to come up here?
I wanted to show you the cabin. We only had another half-hour to go.
Well, now we're stuck. What can we do?
I don't know. I've heard that when this happens, it's important to save energy.
What do you mean? We're stranded here, Tom. We may be here a long time.We need to conserve the gas in the car. The car's energy is what will keep us warm.
I have plenty of gas.
Yes, but the gas and the battery both have to stay working.We can't just let the car run and run.If we do, it will die soon. Then we'll freeze.
So what can we do?
Turn the lights off.Then, run the car and the heater only about fifteen minutes every hour.That will conserve the heat as long as possible.
Alright. That's a good idea. I wish we hadn't come up here. Now we'll probably be here for days.
Days?
Yes, it happens.That is what happens in big snowstorms. People get stranded for days.
Oh, my God?! It's good we have food. Probably we'll survive.But turn the car off for about forty-five minutes. Then we'll turn it on again.

Hey, buddy, can’t you see there’s a line?
Oh, sorry. I didn’t know.
What? You haven’t taken the bus before?
No, I’m afraid not.
Well, you have to wait in line like everyone else. Besides, you should let old people on first.
Sorry.
It’s all right. Where are you going?
I wanted to see the White House.
Oh, well you don’t want this bus, anyway. It goes to Georgetown.
Oh, no. It’s all right, though. Just get off at the next stop and catch the 79A.
Oh, well thank you very much.
You’re welcome.

Can I help you?
I'd like the double cheese burger meal, please.
What kind of drink would you like with that?
Just coke will be fine.
Would you like a super size meal? Only 2 RIB more, you'll get large coke and fries instead of medium. And today we are offering free toys all the meal boxes.
That sounds good, thanks, I'd like that. Actually I'd like sprite instead of coke, thanks.
That's not a problem, Miss. Will that be it?
Yes, that's all. That will be 25RMB, please
You got it.

Do you have any night tours?
Yes, we will depart in 10 minutes.
Is that a guided tour?
Yes, it is.
That's fine. Let's get on the bus.

I am sure we will make it up as soon as possible.
That's nice. We hope this matter will not affect our good relations in our future dealings.
Of course not. We have cooperated for a long time.

I would like to purchase some meat.
What kind of meat would you like to get today?
First off, I'm going to need a pound of ground beef.
A pound of ground beef is $ 2.48.
That's perfect. What else will you be needing?
I'm also going to need three pounds of chicken breasts.
The chicken breasts cost $ 4.05 per pound. What's the total price for the chicken?
It's going to be $ 12.15.
Okay, I think that will be all for me today.

I think you know already that I want to discuss the represent - ton for your alarm clocks.
Yes, Mr. Bergeron. You mentioned that in your letter.
To tell you the truth, your proposal surprised us.
Is that so?
Anyhow I want to go over the details with you in person, so you can give my suggestion thorough consideration.
Our firm specializes in this line of business. We have six sales representatives, who are on the road all the time, covering the whole of the European market.
Do you sell direct to shops?
Yes, we specialize in handling clocks and watches of all sorts. We have well established channels of distribution and we canvass the retailers direct, without any middlemen.
Do you keep a stock of these things?
In some cases, such as the wristwatches, which always have a steady market, we keep a stock in London and act as distributors as well as agents. Generally, however, we pass on the orders of our clients to the manufacturers for supply. We are paid for our service, of course.
That is, your commission.
Yes, our commission is very reasonable. We usually get a 10 % commission of the amount on every deal. Our agents in other areas usually get a 3-5 % commission. The European market is not familiar with your products. You have competitors from Japan and other continental countries. At the beginning of our campaign, there is sales resistance to overcome, we must send out salesmen to do a lot of traveling and spend a considerable amount of money on advertising in news - papers and TV programs. A 10 % commission will not leave us much.
According to your estimate, what is the maximum annual turn - over you can fulfill, in round figures, of course?
We will always do our utmost to enlarge the business, as our remuneration increases with the turnover, but we will not guar - ante anything, at least not to begin with.
We appreciate very much your intention to push the sale of our products. But our suggestion to you, Mr. Bergeron, as a preliminary step, is to do a little research into the market...
Do you mean to say you refuse us the agency?
Mr. Bergeron, you leave us no alternative. We can not give you an exclusive agency of the whole European market without having the slightest idea of your possible annual marketing turnover. Besides our price is worked out according to the costing. A 10 % commission means an increase in our price. We must have the reaction of the buyers in this respect.
Oh, that's just too bad. I intended to make great efforts in selling your products.
Well, we can still carry on our business relationship without the agreement. To start the ball rolling, we will provide you with price lists, catalogues and some samples. Only when you have a thorough knowledge of the marketing possibilities of our products, can we then discuss further details.
Ah, Mrs. Miller, but in this case am I covered?
Oh, yes. We will give you a 5 % commission on every transaction.
All right, but I'll be back again for the Autumn Fair. And then I hope we can see eye to eye about our commission and the terms of the agency.
Very good. We will discuss the matter again at the next Fair.

Excuse me, I’m sorry to trouble you. My name is Susan Ransom, and I have placed several orders with you company.
Yes, Mr. Ransom? This is Karl Miller. How may I help you?
Well, I wonder if you could track an order I placed with you last month. It hasn’t arrived yet.
Certainly, Ms. Ransom. Do you have an order number?

Have you worked out the offers. Mr. Thou?
Yes, we have. Here's our CIF quotation sheet. Please have a careful look.
Are the prices on the list firm offers?
Yes. All the quotations on the list are subject to our final confirmation.
I wonder whether there are any changes in your prices.
All these products are our best-selling lines. The prices of our products will change according to that of the international market demand. And we are always open to negotiate, especially on larger orders.
What do you have in mind?
How long does your offer remain valid?
I need some time to get my supervisors on board with this plan.
I understand. Our offer remains open for 4 days.

Hello sir, may I help you?
Yeah, I accidentally dropped my phone in the toilet.
I see. Well, you have come to the right place. We have over one hundred models of more than twenty leading mobile phone manufacturers.
Sounds good. I don’t want it to be too expensive, maybe something mid-range.
We have this new ETC smart phone.It comes with the Android OS so you can download applications. It also has a built-in camera, mp3 player and touch screen. It works on the 3G network so you have fast access to the internet wherever you are.
What about Wi-fi?
Of course?! You can access the internet from any hotspot as well as from home.
One last thing. Is it waterproof?

We have been over this a hundred times?! We are not getting a pet?!
Why not? Come on?! Just a cute little puppy or a kitty?!
Who is going to look after a dog or a cat?
I will?! I’ll feed it, bathe it and walk it every day?! We can get a Labrador or a German Shepard?!
What if we want to take a vacation? Who will we leave it with? Plus, our apartment is too small for that breed of dog.
Ok. How about we get a cat or a ferret?
We’re planning on having children soon, I don’t think those animals are a good idea with a baby in the house.
Fine?! Let’s get a bird then?! We can keep it in its cage and teach it to talk?! A parrot would be awesome?!
I’ll tell you what, I can get you some hamsters and we’ll take it from there.
Yay?!

Good evening, Mr. Lee and thank you for choosing our airline. We have just discovered that this flight is overbooked. Would you like to volunteer to give up your seat?
Overbooked? Give up my seat? I don’t understand.
From time to time we have a situation in which there are more passengers than there are seats on the aircraft. That’s overbooked.
I know what overbooked is, I just don’t understand how that could happen?
Actually it’s a common practice to overbook, as passengers often don’t take their flight as scheduled. Most of the time there is no problem but today, more passengers arrived than we have seats,
So who has to stay behind?
Well, first we ask for volunteers. If someone like yourself volunteers, they receive a free round trip ticket to be used within one year. If no one volunteers we just have to select someone.
Ok. I’ll volunteer. I could use a free ticket?!

I want to rent this apartment.
I’m glad to hear that. How much are you asking?
You will have to pay $ 1050 every month.
I can’t afford that. What can you afford?
I was thinking $ 800 a month.
I’ll need you to pay more than that. How much more?
How does $ 900 every month sound to you?
I can live with that. We have a deal then.

Good morning, Miss Monica. Nice to meet you again?!
Good morning, Mr. Thomas, it is nice to see you too. After the internal discussion, we have all agreed that you are the most suitable person for this position among all the candidates. So, today let’s talk about your expected salary and social benefits. What is your expected salary?
I’Ve worked in the field for more than 4 years. Depend on my work qualifications and experience, I would like to have 5000 Yuan to start.
The basic salary for your position in our company would be 4800 Yuan to start with increases giving according to your performance.
It is a bit lower than I expected. But I can accept that.
What are the working hours?
40 hours a week, Monday to Friday, 9 AM to 5 PM with one hour lunch break every day..
Do I have to work on weekend? If so, how do you pay for the overtime?
We do expect overtime work when it is necessary, but we pay twice of the work hour for working on weekends and three times for working on national holidays like Spring Festival and the Mid-Autumn Day.
Is there probation?
No probation is involved. If you feel good, you can start next week.

Welcome to the McDonald's. What will it be for you, madam?
One Big Mac and French Fries.
Is there anything else?
Give me one coke, please.
Is this to go or to eat here?
To go, please.
That comes to four dollars and ten cents.
And can I have some ketchup, please?
It's on the service counter over there. Please go to help yourself.

What's the name of this street?
University Street.
Do you know of any banks near here?
You'll see one at the corner on your right.

Hey there, you look a little lost. Are you new here?
Yeah how’d you know?
You can always spot the newbies. I can give you a few pointers if you want. Were you trying to use this machine here?
Yeah?! I just started my training today and I’m not really sure where to begin.
It’s ok, I know how it is. This machine here will work out your upper body, mainly your triceps and biceps. Are you looking to develop strength or muscle tone and definition?
Well, I don’t want to be ripped like you?! I just want a good physique with weights and Carpio.
In that case you want to work with less weight. You can start off by working ten to fifteen reps in four sets. Five kilo weights should be enough. Now it’s very important that you stretch before pumping iron or you might pull a muscle.
Got it?!
Wow is that the weight you are lifting? My goodness that’s a lot of weight?!
It’s not that much. Just watch... I’m ok...

Excuse me.Could you tell me how to return to the Hilton Hotel? I am afraid I lost my way.
Do you have a hotel card or something? Let's see.Yes, I have the address and telephone number here.
Oh, you're staying at the downtown Hilton.Then, you go down two blocks this way and turn left.You' ll find it on the right.
Well, I don't understand it very well.Will you draw me a map?

Excuse me, but could you tell me the way to the railway station?
The railway station? Just go down this street and turn left at the second corner. The station is at the end of that street.
How long will it take me to get there?
It's about a ten-minute walk.
That's very clear. I think I can find my way now. Thank you.
Not at all.

How does the political system work in your country?
We have hundreds of constituencies and the voters in each one elect a member of parliament. Most people call them mp’s.
Each mp belongs to a political party, right?
Almost all of them do. A few are independent. That means that they do not belong to a party.
If one party more than half of the mp’s. they form a government. That means that they choose a prime Finist
What’s a cabinet?
This is a small group of people-perhaps 25 mp’s who are usually ministers. They make all the big decision and discuss laws and policy.
Can any mp make a law?
Any mp can present a law to parliament. The proposed law is debated and voted on. If it is accepted, it becomes law.
I suppose a proposed a law needs the support of the big political parties.
Yes, it does, because they have most of the mp’s. most mp’s vote the way their party wants them to.
How do people choose which party or candidate to vote for?
They produce manifesto. These documents which states their policies. Some people just vote for the same party every time there is an election. Voters who often change the party they vote for are Calle

How was your interview?
Pretty good. The HR manager asked me the usual questions. Then he wondered why I had decided to leave my previous job.
What did you say?
I told him that I hadn’t got a raise for three years. I also told him that one of my best co-workers quitted her job because she had not been promoted for eight years.
Did he want to know the reasons?
Yes. I told him that my boss made some excuses of the recession. But I thought he had a pattern and a record of promoting men only. That’s sex discrimination.
When will you get the reply?
In a couple of days, I was told.
Wish you good luck?!
Thank you.

What qualities do you think a senior executive should possess?
Generally speaking, he needs creativity, the ability to communicate, sense of personal responsibilities, the ability to solve problems and so on.
Do you have all these qualities?
Yes, I have all of them. I am totally competent to be a senior executive.

Hi. I need more amenities, please.
Could you be a little more specific, sir?
Well, to be more specific, the free stuff, like soap, lotion, and shampoo.
I understand. Now, you're saying that you've already used up all your amenities?
Oh, no?! I've got all I need for my stay here.
So, what's the problem?
I need souvenirs?!
You want some souvenirs?!
Yes, yes. Souvenirs.
But, sir, our souvenir shop carries all those items.
That's not the same thing. If you buy hotel souvenirs, they have no sentimental value.
I understand, sir. I'll call housekeeping. You'll have your souvenirs shortly.

Hello, may I help you?
Yes.We' re interested in seeing the rooms for rent.
Oh, how nice.They' re bright rooms and the house is very quiet.
A nice quiet house is exactly what we're looking for.
Well, gentleman.Each room is $ 40 a week if you think that's OK.
That sounds just wonderful to us. When do you want to move in?
How about this afternoon?
Fine. I'll be expecting you around two.

Are you ready to order? May I suggest a veal?
No, I'll have the fish please.
The chicken is also nice.
No, I want the fish.
Our special tonight is lobster.
Thank you, but I prefer the fish.
Perhaps you'd enjoy the lamb.
No, I like the fish.
What ever you say?

Am I ever hungry? When will supper be ready?
It's almost ready. Can you set the table?
All right. Want to taste this dish?
Yeah. Oh, it's delicious?! Really?
Definitely. It's a wonderful meal.
Thank you, Honey. If you like to help me do the dishes, I'll be more dreadful.
I wish I could, but I won't.

Good morning, Kate. Long time no see.
Good morning, Vera, Nice to meet you.
Kate, I know you’Ve been a stewardess for more than one year. And I’ll have an interview on stewardess tomorrow. Can you tell me some etiquette about the interview?
Of course. First you should do up your long hair and do make up but not too thick.
Is there anything else I should pay attention to?
Yes, when you attend the interview, you should pay attention to your manner, style of conversation and expression. You should keep smiling always, being polite when you talk with the interviewer. Don't move from time to time when you sit there. And you also should know how to use eye contact.
Thank you, I've learned so much from you.
That’s all right. Hope you can do better tomorrow.

Can you fix me a cup of tea, Johnny?
Well... uh... how about a glass of juice instead?
No. I'd like tea. Can you put it in my favorite cup? You probably washed it...
Oh, yeah. Well, uh, about your mug... I'll find it...
Where are all the floral pattern plates? And dad's Yankee's mug?

Good morning, sir. May I help you?
Yes, I'd like to settle my bill.
Certainly sir. May I have your room key, please?
Sure. Here you are.
Just a moment, please. I'll draw up your bill for you... Thank you for waiting, sir. Your bill totals two thousand six hundred and fifty-eight yuan, including the phone and laundry.
That much?! Would you mind letting me have a look at it?
Not at all, sir. Here you are.
Thanks. Well, It seems to be right. How much is that in dollars, please?
Just a moment, sir. I'll calculate that for you. It comes to 305 dollars and 52 cents at today's exchange rate.
I see. OK. How would you like to make the payment?
In cash, please.
Here you are.
Thank you, sir... Here is your change. Could you check it, please? Thank you for choosing our hotel. I hope you enjoyed your stay.
By the way, please forward my mail to this address.
Certainly, sir. We hope you have a good trip.

Hi, Sam. I want to buy a pet. Do you have any ideas?
You really should go to Rachel's pet store.
why? anything special there?
it's more than special. You can find as many kinds of animals as you can put a name to and more.
Oh, really? are there any snakes?
snakes? there are even rodents and monkeys?! it's a world of exotic pets.
that's terrific. I can't wait to check it out.
Hang on. are you sure you want to keep a non-traditional pet?
why not? it's so cool.
but it will pose a risk to your health.
pardon?
i mean, most reptiles carry some harmful bacteria. they are likely to cause immune system problems.
well, I didn't realize that. I don't believe it's a good choice to keep those pets, especially for families with young children.
oh, I should have thought of my brother's baby girl. Maybe I'll just have a dog instead of an exotic pet.
yes, good luck, Maria.

I’m a new student. My name’s Robert. Nice to meet you.
My name’s Sophie. Are you French?
Yes, I’m. Are you French, too?
No, I’m not. What nationality are you?
I’m Italian. Are you a teacher?
No, I’m not. What’s your job?
I’m a keyboard operator. What’s your job?
I’m an engineer.

I can’t believe Obama is our President.
I am proud to know that he is our President.
You voted for him, right?
Did you vote for him, because I know that I did.
I did, too. I have nothing but faith in Obama.
Really? I’m sure he will help better America.
We do need some change in this country.
Our country is already changing as it is.
You’re absolutely right. I trust that he will take good care of our country.

Do you have a reservation, sir?
No, I’m afraid we don’t.
I’m sorry the restaurant is full now. You have to wait for about half an hour. Would you like to have a drink at the lounge until there’s a table available.
No, thanks, I’ll come back later. May I reserve a table for two?
Yes, of course. May I have your name, sir?
Bruce
By the way, can we have a table by the window?
we’ll try to arrange it, but I can’t guarantee sir.
That’s fine.
your table's ready, sir? Please step this way.

Do you have coffee shops in China, too?
Yes, of course. There are many tea houses and bars in China, too. People can drink, eat and relax at these places.
You like to go to these places, don’t you?
Yes, sometimes the music there is so beautiful. It is very romantic. I can stay there for hours.
Do you often go there alone?
No, I often go there with my friends.

Hi there?! I am looking for a new car. I have this old Ford Pinto that I would like to trade in.
I see. You are in luck this month because all of our models are on sale?! it is a perfect time to buy a new car since it’s the end of the year.
Perfect?!
I like this one.
That is the Ford Focus. A very light but powerful vehicle. It comes with dual side airbags, power steering and power windows, tinted windows and your choice of either automatic or manual transmission.
Sounds like a good car?! How many miles to the gallon?
It is a very fuel efficient vehicle giving you about 34 miles in the city and 40 on the highway.
That is really convenient. Especially now that fuel prices are so high?!
What’s under the hood?
A very powerful 2.5- liter turbocharged engine, Trust me, this car is fast?!
Now for the most difficult question. What is the price tag for this lovely vehicle?
Very affordable mam. You can take it out of this lot today with 0 % down payment and no interest for the first year?! You can test drive it now and we can sign the papers when we get back.
Great?! Let’s do it?!

I wonder if you could help me, I'm looking for a room.
Well, I have got a vacancy.
What sort of price are you asking?
Eight dolls fifty a week excluding laundry.
Would it be convenient to see the room?
Can you call back later? We're right in the middle of lunch.

Could you give me an expense report? I would like to attach the invoices for my phone bill this season.
Here you are. Do you need glue?
That is very kind of you. I’m just running out of glue.
You’re welcome.

IBA, Jane speaking. How can I help you?
Hello. I'd like to speak to someone regarding my card.
Sorry, I'm not quite sure if I understand. In what way, Sir? Has your card been stolen?
No, no. Nothing at all like that. It's just that I applied for a credit card with you a while ago, my application was accepted, but I'm still waiting for my card.
Oh, I see, Sir. Well, it does take 5 working days to issue and post the card.
Yes, my application was accepted last Friday. Now it's Wednesday, that's more than 5 days.
Sorry, Sir, but it's 5 working days. This does not include weekends, so your card should be with you later this week.
Of course?! How silly of me?! Yes, 5 working days would mean this Friday, at the earliest.
I see. I'm sorry to trouble you.
It's no trouble at all, Sir. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nothing, thanks. I again apologise for the misunderstanding, bye for now.

What can I do for you, sir?
We'd like to order breakfast for tomorrow morning.
Yes, sir. What would you like?
Orange juice, scrambled eggs, bacon, toast and coffee.
OK, and when shall I bring it here?
About seven thirty.By the way, could you also bring me tomorrow's papers?
Of course, sir.

What shall we do when we find a shortage in the shipment?
You should do one of the two things - either to lodge a claim with the shipowner or with the insurance company.
Shall we leave it to the brokers?
Yes. They usually do it. Do they charge for that?
Of course. In Europe, they charge a commission of 1 % of the amount of the claim for their service.
Is it the same in America?
They do the work without charge to the importer. It's part of their service, isn't it?
Exactly. Is it enough to claim with an on board bill of lading?
No, you must also obtain a statement from the shipping agent certifying that the goods were actually loaded on their vessel for shipment.
I see. By the way, how do we prove the ownership of our goods?
You must provide full original set of ocean bills of lading original insurance policy or certificate and the original commercia invoice.
I see. Thank you.
You are welcome.

I'll be on business for a couple of days, could you take care of your sister?
OK, Mum, when will you be back?
I'll be back in ten days.

Passport, please, madam.
Just a minute, please. It's in my bag. Here it is.
Thank you. Please fill out the Baggage Declaration Form.
All right. Shall I enter all my belongings?
No, only the articles listed on the Declaration.

I’m hungry, let’s go grab a bite to eat.
Yeah me too.
Oh?! Can we stop at the shop really fast? I lost my makeup bag at the airport and I want to pick up a few things.
Will you take long?
No?! Five minutes I promise?!
Come on?! We have been here for almost an hour?! I thought you said you were only going to get a few things?! How long does it take you to pick out a lipstick and some nail polish?!
Are you crazy? You have no idea what you are talking about?! Just for my eyes I have to get eye-liner, an eyelash curler, eye shadow, an eyebrow pencil and mascara. Then I need to get foundation, liquid foundation.
Whoa whoa whoa?! Are you nuts? How much is all this going to cost? I’m looking at the price at each one of these little things and it’s outrageous?! This is basically a crayon?!
What about you? You spend as much or more money on your razors, after shave, cologne and gel?! Not to mention how much you spend on clothes and...
Fine?! Get the stupid thirty dollar crayon?!

Can I borrow five bucks?
No?!
Come on?! I'll pay you back on Tuesday.
Last time I lent you money, you never paid me back.
I promise if you lend me five dollars today, I will repay you in full next week.
Ok, but I'm taking your skateboard as collateral.
Fine?! I can't believe you don't trust me.
It's nothing personal, just business.

May I help you, sir?
Yes, please. I'm looking for a cotton polo shirt.
Any particular colour?
Not really. How about this one?
I like the design, but don't particularly care for the colour. Do you have that in other colours, too?
Well, they come in white, pale yellow, aqua, red and green. Will a white one do?
Yes. I prefer white - and may I see a pale yellow one, too?
Why, of course. Let's see... White... Pale yellow. Here you are, sir.

I’m so surprised to meet you in this remote village. Long time no see.
Yeah. How are you these days?

You look terrific and in good shape.
Thank you. How do you keep fit?
I do yoga twice a weeks
Yoga? It sounds interesting.
It was hard at the beginning, but now feel it's really relaxing. It makes me flexible.
Anything else?
Yes, I often go swimming. Are you interested in swimming?
Yes, I like it very much.

Are you going home now?
No, I'm not. What are you going to do? Are you going to work late?
No, I'm not. I'm going to look for an apartment.
An apartment? Why?
I'm going to try to find a place near the office.
Where are you living now?
Out in the suburbs. It's a long trip to work every day.
How are you going to find an apartment?
I'm going to buy a newspaper and check the classified ads.
Apartments in the city are expensive.
I know, but I'm going to enroll in a night school to take a course in business management.

no, no, you helped me with my computer last week. I want to repay the favor.
no, it's definitely my turn to treat you... you paid last time?!
oh, that was just a quick bite to eat---that doesn't count?!
ok, ok, how about we just go Dutch?
It's settled.
Listen, I'm still pretty new around here, would it be alright if you found the restaurant?
ok... sure.

I am waiting for a fax but just now I found there’s something wrong with the fax machine.
What’s wrong with the fax machine? Is it urgent?
Yes, very urgent. And there is no other fax machine around. And the office of our boss is closed, so I can not use his machine either. And his secretary is out. Do you have any suggestion?
Either call this extension number 0085 or ask them to send the fax to you as e-mail, you print it out.

Hey, Jim. It's time to wake up and get out of bed.
Do I have to get up now?
You'd better get up, or you'll be late.
What're you talking about? My alarm even hasn't gone off yet.
Yes, it did. It went off thirty minutes ago. You slept right through it. You're like a dead person while you sleep.
I must have slept right through it.
Rise and shine?! Sleepyhead?!
Just let me sleep five more minutes.
The early bird gets the worm.
I know, I know. But I don't want any worms. Ha?! Ha?!
If you don't make an effort now, later on it'll be a lot tougher for you.

What shall we do tonight?
How about the cinema?
That's a good idea. We haven't seen a film for ages. What would you like to see?
Oh I don't know. Titanic?
Titanic? That old film? but I've seen it before?!

I’Ve been told you might have a vacant room.
Yes. I have a spare room.
How much are you asking?
10.00 dollars a night.
Could I see the room, please?
Sure.Come on in.

Sit down, please. What's wrong with you?
I feel cold, and I'm shivering. I have a terrible headache and a sore throat.
How long have you been like that?
About a day.
Let me have a look at your throat first. Please open your mouth and say " ah ".
Ah... And show me your tongue... Thank you. That'll do. You have slight tonsillitis, and your throat is inflamed. How is your appetite?
Not so good. Now, let me take your temperature. Please put this thermometer under your armpit and let me feel your pulse? Your pulse is weak.
Do I have a temperature, doctor?
Yes, you have a high fever. I'd like to give you a blood test.

Yikes?! What was that noise?
I had to blow my nose.
Did you have to blow right next to the phone? Did you hear that?
Of course I heard that. I thought a plane had crashed into your house.
It wasn't that loud.
I will blow my nose sometime for you, and you'll see.
Okay. I'll take your word for it. I thought you had an elephant in your house.
You're funny.
What did you say? I think I've gone deaf.
I'm going into the bathroom to blow my nose. I'll be right back.

Can I have the check please?
Right away, sir.
Is this amount correct?
Yes, sir, it is.
Thank you, the service was good
Please come again.

Nowadays fewer and fewer people go to the movie theaters to see films. So I am afraid that the film studios are really getting hard time to survive.
What you said is true. But the film producers there are more flexible ways to get more audience. For example, to make more movie Ccds, so people will spend money buying them. But it is true that cinemas are losing the attraction they used to have in the past.
Yes. Take myself for example. I seldom go to cinemas, but it doesn't mean I no longer see films ; instead, I see films at home-watching Ccds.

Okay, well I’m sure you have a number of questions to ask me regarding the position.
Yes, well Miss Childs did give mean overview of the position over the phone, but there were some details I’d like to clarify.
Well feel free to ask me anything, and I’ll try to fill in the details. Could I first ask about the remuneration package?
Yes, of course. That’s quite an important point, isn’t it? As a junior sub editor we offer a starting salary of 150,000 HK dollars per annum. This doesn’t include a generous housing allowance also.
I understand. And are there other bonuses included?
Well, apart from full health insurance we do offer a company staff bonus scheme linked to readership numbers. But we could go through all the details of that at a later date.
Well, Mr. Parsons, I am flexible when it comes to salary. The opportunity to work in Hong Kong for you is the most important thing for me.
Excellent. Well, what other questions do you have Rebecca?

We need to take the accounts system offline to carry out the upgrade. But don't worry, it won't cause too much inconvenience. We're going to do it over the weekend.
How long will the system be down for?
We'll be taking everything offline in about two hours' time. It'll be down for a minimum of twelve hours. If everything goes according to plan, it should be up again by 6 pm on Saturday.
That's fine. We've allowed forty-eight hours to be on the safe side.

Welcome to IBA. Can I help you?
Yes, please. I'm here for an International Settlement. Our company has to effect payment, and it needs to be done today. Here's the advice slip for the payment.
Thanks. I'm sorry to say that you need to get this stamped. There is no stamp on this slip and it is essential before I can process it for you.
I see. So, I need to stamp it. And sign it too?
Yes, that's right. Down here, at the bottom right hand corner to show that you agree to pay the printed amount.
I'll go back to the office and get it sorted and pop back later.
Thanks, bye for now.

That's the warehouse where the large items of office equipment are stored. If I ordered a desk today, how would it be before I got delivery in Scotland?
Well, I think perhaps you'd better speak to our Production Manager, Mr. Yao. You'll meet him when we go over to the factory.

Excuse me. I have just missed the connection plane due to the heavy fog in London. Can I change my ticket now?
Please Show your ticket and passport.
Here you are.
Which flight do you want to change?
The next one to my destination. I have to be there as soon as possible.

Hi, can I speak with the apartment manager, please?
Hello, this is the apartment manager speaking.
I'm calling about the apartment for rent on Main Street.
Would you be interested in seeing the apartment?
I would love to see it.
Are you free today at around 6 p. m.?
Yes, I will be able to make it then.
Well, I'll see you at 6 p. m. Do you know how to get there?
I used to live in that area.
I'll give you an application form when I see you.
That sounds good. Do I need to bring anything?
No. Just bring yourself.

Good afternoon. Welcome to China. May I see your passport, customs and health declaration form?
Yes, here you are.
Thank you. W hat's your occupation, Mr. Smith?
I'm the general manager of the Far-East Industry Corporation. You are here on business, aren't you?
Yes, I have been invited by the East Import
I see. Do you have anything to declare?
Yes, I have some foreign currency to declare.
Would you please fill out this currency declaration form? It's a record of the foreign currency you have brought in.
All right.

How much does it cost for a bus pass?
It'll be $ 65 for a monthly pass.
Is there anything cheaper than that?
If you're in school, you can get a student pass.
Well, I am how much will that cost?
The pass is free.
I don't have to pay for anything?
You'll only have to pay for the monthly sticker.
How much is the monthly sticker?
It's $ 24 for each month.
I'll take the student bus pass.
Okay, I'll get you one.

I see there are some workmen on the site. When is the building work due to start?
Well, it'll take three weeks to demolish the old building and clear away the debris. We should be ready to start the construction work in week 23.
How long will the sub contractors be on site?
About ten weeks in total if everything goes according to plan.
I'm sure it will.
So, we should be able to start moving the machinery in during week 34.
I'll confirm that date with our suppliers.

Andrew's Hair Salon, this is Andrew.
Andrew, this is Linda Chen.
Hi Linda, what can I do for you?
I need to set up an appointment to get my hair fixed.
For what day?
Tuesday morning.

Have you bought a bus pass yet?
I'm not getting one.
Why is that?
It's cheaper if I don't buy one.
Buying a bus pass will save you money. How do you figure that?
There's no limit to how often you can use your bus pass.
Really? Plus, you don't have to use change for the bus anymore.
I like that.
You want to buy one now?
I'm going to.

Are you ready to order, sir?
Yes, I would like a roast duck and my friend wants steaks.
How do you like your steaks?
I'd like it medium-well.
OK, sir, wait a minute.

Hello, I want to know how much it costs to have a manicure and pedicure.
Usually it's 60 dollars for a manicure, and 80 dollars for a pedicure. But with this special discount, the total for both is only one hundred and 20 dollars, and you can get them painted.
That's nice. I'd like to give it a try. I think I like passion red. please.
Alright.Do you want your cuticles cut, too?
No. Would you like the shapes square or round?
Square. But with round at the edges, please.
All right, it's done. Please follow me to the drying section. How long will it take to get them dry?
Ten or about five minutes. You'll be all set.
I see, thank you.

Hello, this is Lucy. May I speak to Mr. Smith?
Oh, hello, Lucy. What's up?
I'm afraid I can't come to work today, Mr. Smith.
Oh, what's wrong with you?
I've got a fever and a very sore throat.
Well, you sound ill over the phone.
Yes. I have to stay in bed today, but I'll be able to come tomorrow.
That's all right. Have a good rest until you feel well enough.
Thank you, Mr. Smith. Goodbye.
Goodbye, Lucy.

Waiter, we have been waiting for 20 minutes. Would you mind hurrying?
I am sorry, sir, the fish you ordered will take a longer time because we make it with fresh fish.
That's fine. Would you please bring me some wine?
Sure, is dry white wine OK?
Yes.
Thank you.

Hi Bob, I won't be in work tomorrow.
Why, what's the problem?
I have a dentist appointment.
Okay.

I've come about your wools. According to our market survey, wools are likely to find a ready market in our country.
Wonderful?! We can meet your requirements and the offer is ready for you. Here it is. The unit price is USD 15.00 per kilogram.
Do you quote CIF or FOB?
It's FOB Shanghai. Could you quote the price of CIF Hamburg?
Certainly, that's easy. We will work out our CIF offer this evening. Could you come again tomorrow, say, at 10 AM?
Okay, see you tomorrow?!

Hi?! Do you want a fill-up?
Yes, please. Which type of gas do you want? Regular, Super, or Premium Unleaded?
What's the price difference?
Regular is $ 1.15, Super is $ 1.25 and Premium is $ 1.39.
Just fill it up with Regular, Unleaded, please. Do you want me to check the tires and the fluids?
Yes, I would. Thanks a lot.

Is your father in the habit of having naps?
Yes, all of us have naps.
Don't you feel dizzy when you have to get up?
No, not at all.

Excuse me. I need some storybooks in easy English. Do you have anything likethat?
Well, there are a lot of storybooks upstairs in our children's section. Some are written for young children, others for teens. Maybe some of them will suit your needs.
I'll go take a look. Thanks for your help.
You're welcome.

Good morning. I need to speak with the property manager, please.
Good morning. You are speaking to the property manager.
While it was raining last night, water started leaking in from the ceiling.
Was it leaking in the bedroom?
It was in the living room.
Can you tell me which floor you are on?
We are on the bottom floor.
I would like to look at the leak. Will you be home this morning?
Yes, someone will be here to let you in.
Just in case you have to leave, we will just use the master key.

How much is your last salary?
I have earned 10,000 a year including bonuses.
How much do you want us to pay you?
I like to be paid more than that. Hopefully, 150,000 a year.
To be honest, I left the company to get more income.

I hope you can help. I've got a bit of a problem with your ATM.
Of course, that's my job. Oh, dear. What's happened?
Well, it's eaten my card?! It won't give it back?!
I see... calm down, don't worry. May I ask what were you doing when it took your card?
Yes. I was only entering my PIN. I'm terrible at remembering it, I'm so forgetful, you see.
Mmmm... and exactly how many times did you enter it, please?
Maybe three times. As I said, I always forget it.
Ah?! Don't worry ; it's just a security measure. If someone uses a card and cannot get the right PIN after three attempts, the bank keeps the card in case it's stolen. Just contact the bank and we'll get it back to you.
Oh, I see. So if I call my branch they can sort everything out for me?
Yes, they'll be happy to help. Believe me, it happens to many people.
I'd better try harder to memorise my PIN in future. Thanks.

Is this the counter to pick up parcels?
Yes, it is. I want to pick up my parcels.
Please show me your parcel order.
OK. Here you are.
Let me check your parcel number. Song Ping's parcel number should be CP 06230221 5 CN.
Here is your parcel.
Thank you.
Not at all.

Hi Brittany. What are you doing with all of your clothes on your bed?
I'm trying to decide what to wear to school the first day.
Oh, A. Mom didn't tell you?
Didn't tell me what?
What? This Bs' school you're going to is going to make your life easy.
What are you talking about brother? Spill it.
Uniforms, sis, no more worrying about appearances?!
You mean I have to wear the same thing every day?
MOM?!

What would you like for your main dish?
Steak, please.
How would you like it?
Medium rare, please.
Anything else, sir? May I have a glass of red wine, please?
Of course.

Mr. Smith, do you like the hotel we booked?
Yes, we do. We like it very much.
I've come to make sure that your stay in Beijing is a pleasant one.
Thank you so much.

David, we have been doing business for three years, haven't we?
Yes, I'm glad we've had very pleasant cooperation in the previous years.
And your achievement for promoting our clothes was great in the three years. So, I wish to apply for the sole agency of your product in our local market. If you give us the agency, that will be more substantial for our cooperation.
To be frank, you are not the only one who applies for an agent for us in your country. I'd like to know some ideas of terms on which you would be willing to operate as our agent.
As we are a well-established company, we are very familiar with the customers' needs. Besides, we can make full use of our good connections with the wholesalers and retailers here and develop a good market for your products if appointed as your agent.
Sounds reasonable. I will tell my boss about you agent application. Another question, what do you think is the minimum annual sales you can guarantee?
To be on the safe side, and for garment of all materials, sizes, and styles, I think the amount will be 50,000 pieces a year.
Well. As our sole agency, you will neither handle the same or similar products of other origins nor re-export our goods to any other area outside your own.
No, certainly not.

Excuse me. I bought this circulator here yesterday but it doesn't work.
Oh, let's see what's wrong.

Where can I find the produce?
Aisle A is where you'll find all the produce.
What sales do they have today?
I'm sure something is on sale. Please check with the produce person.

Hello, this is Steven from Blue Sky Co. May I speak to Mr. James?
Speaking.
Excuse my troubling you. You purchased our products last year and now I am following up to find out about their workings. Are they still in good condition now?
Yeah, exactly?! I bought them last year. En... at present, they are still in good state.
That's it?! All of them have first-class quality and performance. Besides, we adopt advanced technology. Now we have developed new products. They are much better than what you have bought.
Your company is developing so fast. Maybe later on I will plan to buy more.
That's great?! Thanks for your support. If any, please remember to call us.
I am afraid I have to say goodbye now?!
Bye, Mr. James?!
Bye?!

Ms.Dawson, I need you to take a dictation for me.
Yes, sir... This should go out as an intra-office memorandum to all employees by this afternoon.Are you ready?
Yes, sir.Go ahead.
Attention all staff... Effective immediately, all office communications are restricted to email correspondence and official memos.The use of Instant Message programs by employees during working hours is strictly prohibited.
Sir, does this apply to intra-office communications only? Or will it also restrict external communications?
It should apply to all communications, not only in this office between employees, but also any outside communications.
But sir, many employees use Instant Messaging to communicate with their clients.
They will just have to change their communication methods. I don't want any - one using Instant Messaging in this office.It wastes too much time?! Now, please continue with the memo.Where were we?
This applies to internal and external communications.
Yes.Any employee who persists in using Instant Messaging will first receive a warning and be placed on probation.At second offense, the employee will face termination.Any questions regarding this new policy may be directed to department heads. Is that all?
Yes.Please get this memo typed up and distributed to all employees before 4 pm.

Do you have everything?
Let's see... my ID card, my passport, and my suitcase. I'm pretty sure I've got everything.

This is Dunlin. Is this Mrs Smith speaking?
Yes, what can I do for you?
I just want to call and say thank you for letting me interview yesterday.
You are welcome, Mr. Sun.
And I also want to know what the status is of the position.
Sorry, we haven't made the decision at all. But we should be making the decision by the end of this week. And we'll get in touch with you once we make it.
Do you have any questions we didn't cover in the interview?
No. Thank you, I am looking forward to hearing from you. Bye-bye.
Thank you for the calling. Bye-bye.

I often sneeze after having a bad itch inside my nose. Sometimes this is accompanied by an itching throat.
Any other discomfort?
Yes. Sometimes I can notice a constriction in the chest and shortness of breath after a fit of sneezing. And I often suffer from a running nose with a profuse watery discharge.
Does it occur seasonally or all year round?
It has been seasonal during these past three years.
Are you sensitive to other things?
Yes, things like seafood and penicillin-type drugs.
OK. Let me examine your nose. According to your case history and the examination, I believe that it's allergic rhinitis.
What useful treatment can you offer?
I'll give you a series of specific skin tests. Then we'll know exactly what substances you're allergic to. Then I'll give you some causes of desensitization therapy.

Miss, would you like to try this free sample of our new suntan cream?
Sure, why not?
This is a new product of company this year. It's oil-free.
I see. It feels very light on the skin.
It gives your skin a very natural healthy look. I like the cool smell, too.

So how can I make it?
First you make a list of what you wanna buy...
But I’Ve gotta have the budge before anything else.
Well, that’s a problem, isn’t it?

Did you have a part-time job when you were still in school?
No, I was way too busy studying all the time. How about you?
Yeah, I worked about twenty hours a week in a pizza restaurant.
What was that like?
It was always very busy there. What did you do?
I stood behind the register and took pizza orders.
Did you get any perks on the job?
Yeah, I got to eat as much pizza as I could for free.

Okay. I'd like to change some euro into US dollars, please.
Sure. How much would you like to change?
Six hundred euro.
Very good. May I see your passport?
Here you are.
How would you like your bills?
In fifties please.

Why are you reading the classifieds? What do you need?
I'm looking for a bookcase, but I don't want to buy a new one.
Are you having any luck?
Not really. There aren't any used bookcases listed. But there are a few rummage sales on Saturday. I think I'll go to them.
Do you mind if I go with you?
Not at all. These private sales are great places to bargain. And sometimes you can find terrific things among all the junk.
I learned to negotiate from my mother. I thought I was pretty good at bargaining, but I had a problem the other day at Kimble's Department Store.
What happened?
I wanted to buy a beautiful wool sweater for my girlfriend. It was priced at forty dollars, so I started by offering the salesclerk thirty.

Do you do a lot of your shopping online?
Not really. I like looking on the internet at what’s available, but I usually prefer to actually see and touch what I’m buying before I pay for it. Sometimes, I’ll look at something in a shop, but lat No. I’m a little worried about security. You never know who’s trying to find out your codes and passwords. Aren’t you worry about that?
Not really. I know that it happens, but if you buy from reputable companies with secure websites, you should be ok.
Even though I use online shopping facilities, I don’t think it’s the best way to sho
I’m surprised to hear you say that. I thought you loved anything technological.
I do. I’m a big fan of using new technology, but I don’t want to sit in front of a computer screen all day. I think people need to get out and interact with other people. So, how about coming to the department store with me? I want to see if there are any new summer clothes on sale yet.
Sure. I’d love to join you. Can we stop by the computer store? I just want to see if they have something.
Sure. While you’re in the computer store. I will visit the book store opposite. I like to browse through their books and see if they have anything interesting.
Ok. I’Ve finished online. Let’s go.
I’ll just get some money and my credit card.
Thanks for reminding me. I had forgotten to get mine.

Please help yourself at your dishes. I hope you’ll enjoy what you’Ve got.
It suits my taste. You are really a good cook.
Would you like to try my special recipe?
Wow, let me try. It tastes nice.
How did you make it?
It’s as easy as pie. I always follow recipes.

Mr. Dick. Does the recommendation of the university play an important role?
Yes. In fact, the recommendation letter written by the university is an indirect self-recommendation. In the long period of cooperation, the university has established good relationship with the companies or organizations, they trust each other well. If your university recommends you, you can be approved more easily.
But I find that most of the recommendation letters written by universities are the same. So I doubt its authority.
More and more persons have the same discoveries since most universities do that in order to save energy. If your university also does like this, you can look for other methods, because such kinds of recommendations say nothing for you. Could you tell me whether or not I send out my resume with it?
It depends. If it has something special or useful, I suggest you send it out.

Taylor, can you tell me how to apply for a job on the Internet?
Just fill out an application. Do I have to send an E-mail?
You are expected to know the E-mail address of the unit.
But I still don't know which unit is in need of staff. Send out an application through Job-wanted on the website.
Can any unit see my information?
It's a two-way choice. And your application will be read.
Which websites offer this service?
Sina, 21st Century Talent Net, and a few others.
Thank you.

Don’t throw your weight around. I can’t bear you any more.
I dare you to say that again.

Were you a leader when you were in college?
Yes. I was Propaganda department minister of our university.
Did you get any honors or awards at your university?
No. It’s a pity about it. Were you involved in any club activities at your university?
Yes. I was a member of the basketball Society. I like playing basketball.
What extracurricular activities did you usually take part in at your college?
I sometimes played basketball and sometimes played football.

You want to argue your ticket today?
Yes. That is why I'm here.
Tell me your argument.
I was pulled over for allegedly speeding.
Are you sure you weren't speeding?
To be honest, I really wasn't. What speed were you going?
I was under the speed limit. I was going 35, when the speed limit was 40.
I'm just going to let you go, since the arresting officer isn't here.
What about my ticket? Do I still need to pay?
Don't worry about it.
I'm so glad for your help.

Annie, do you like shopping online?
Yes, I like it, because it's convenient. Last week, I tried to buy a new cellphone online, but I didn't know how to pay for it.
First, you should open an account at the online bank. After that, you can buy anything you want online.
Are there many things online?
Sure. You can find everything all over the world. Let's check it out online?!
( They log in a shopping website. ) That's amazing. Oh, an on line virtual supermarket? Let's click to check it out. Oh, I got it. It simulates the real supermarket, which makes it feel so real.
Mom will love it. She loves shopping in supermarkets.

Ah, Bob. Just the person I wanted to see.
So what is it?
You gotta help me out this time, buddy.
Another tough thing, I guess.

Hey?! What happened??! My song was only half way through and it skipped to the next song.
I don't know what happened?! You cancelled the song, didn't you, Jack?
No, I didn't.
Really?! Then, is the machine broken or...

Good evening, Do you have a reservation?
Yes. The reservation under Mr. Watson.
Ah, yes, a table for four at 8 Em, no, thanks. I think we'll go straight to the table, By the way. may I check my overcoat here?
Certainly, sir. We'll keep it in the cloakroom for you. Here is your number. When you leave, show it to the waiter behind the counter, please.
Thank you. Could you show us to our table now? Would you please follow me, please?
Thank you. This is your table. It's Number 10.

Hello, ma’am. Can I help you? I’m looking for a sweater.
What size are you looking for?
Well, I’m looking for size 10 but you don’t have it.
How about this one? I think it looks terrific on you.
Yes, I like the color. Can I try it on?
Sure. The fitting room is on your right.
It fits well. I like it a lot. What do you think?
You look pretty in red.
Oh, it’s my favorite. How much is it?
$ 29.99.
Okay. I’ll take it. Thank you very much for your help.
You’re welcome.

Do you have any cars available?
We have only one mid-size car left.
Great, what's the rate per day?
It's 40 $ plus tax per day on limited mileage.
I'm going to need it for three days. Can I see your driver's license?
Sure, here is my driver's license.
Please sign here.

Are you ready to order? I think that we have a pretty good idea of what we would like to order.
Let me tell you about the specials of the day, which are chicken in a wine sauce with capers, and grilled garlic shrimp.
I was wondering if the chef could leave off the sauce.
The chef would be happy to accommodate your special requests.
I am a vegetarian. Do you have any vegetarian selections?
You could choose the roasted vegetable and garlic pizza or the goat cheese and candied walnut salad.
I think that we will split the roasted vegetable and garlic pizza.
That is a good selection, and I can bring your salads now or serve them with your entree.
You can bring us our salads when you bring us our entree.

I can't open this email attachment our Paris office has sent me. Are you sure you're using the right program?
Well, yes it's definitely the same program but I might have the wrong version. Their system is newer than ours.
That's why you can't open it. You'll have to upgrade before you can read the file.

What kind of character do you think you have?
Generally speaking, l am an open-minded person.
What is your strongest trait?
Cheerfulness and friendliness.
How would your friends or colleagues describe you?
They say Mr. Sun is a friendly, sensitive, caring and determined person.
What personality do you admire?
I admire a person who is honest, flexible and easy-going.
How do you get along with others?
I get on well with others.

Hi, I need to make an appointment to see the doctor.
What seems to be the problem?
I have a rash that I need a doctor to look at.
Do you have a fever with that rash?
No, it just itches a lot.
I have openings on Tuesday or Wednesday. Which would be best for you?
I need an appointment on Tuesday.
Fine, I am putting you down for 9
I would like to see Dr. Jones.
I can schedule you with him with no problem.
We look forward to seeing you.

Wow?! What's the hold up?
It’s probably just people trying to get an early start out of the city for the weekend. Nobody sticks around in the summer.
Really? Then, I guess I won’t have a hard time finding a room or getting a cab?
Actually, you might because there’s a big convention in town this weekend.
I’m not too worried about it. I always seem to find something.

Hello, how can I help you today?
I'd like to withdraw some money from my account.
Please fill out this slip stating how much you wish to withdraw.
Well, actually, it's quite a substantial amount. Here's my Bank Book. Will that cause a problem?
On your account there is no limit to over the counter withdrawals, it won't cause a problem.
Here's your money, 10,000 RIB. Please count it before you leave.
Yes, that seems to be all in order. Thanks very much.

Quality is very important to us. We work to very low tolerance levels. We need to have guaranteed supplies of consistently high quality raw materials. Over the years we've built up very good relationships with our suppliers.
Do you have many different suppliers?
Yes. There are about fifty names on our approved supplier list, but for raw materials we tend to deal with three local companies.

Mary, can you tell me how you keep in shape?
You'll never be in shape until you eat less and take more exercise. Now, tell me what you often eat.
I often eat fish and eggs. Do you eat a lot of vegetables?
Oh yes, and fruits. I love fruits very much.
What do you like to drink?
Well, I never drink alcohol, coffee or tea. Whatever would you like to drink?
I drink a lot of milk. I drink milk almost every day. How often do you exercise?
Well, I walk every day. It's a good diet and a regular exercise.
Yes, quite right.

I am sorry, but I cannot stay for the rest of class today.
Why do you need to leave early?
I don’t feel so good. What doesn’t feel right?
I feel as if I am going to be sick to my stomach.
Perhaps you should get checked out at the Student Health Center before you go home.
I have some medicine at home that I could take.
Are you going to be OK to drive home, or would you like someone to go with you?
Thank you, but my friend is in the library, and he can give me a ride home.
We hope that you are feeling better soon. E-mail me if you have any questions.

Your boyfriend is so considerate to you. When do you plan to marry?
It’s still up in the air. There is something wrong between us.

We're considering of ordering 200 computers, but I'm wondering about the price you'll possibly offer.
Our price will be not less than $ 5000.
Your price is higher than I expected. Could you give us a little discount?
This is already our best price. But the price is always negotiable and you should consider our quantity of order.
Well, what would you suggest? Could you make it $ 4500?
I'm afraid that there is no room to negotiate the price. This is the best price we can quote.
Can we meet each other half way?
What do you mean? Let's close the deal at $ 4800, OK?
You drive a hard bargain?! OK, that's a deal.

I'm now on the Songshan airport getting ready for departure. I realized that I might have left my watch.
Yes, Ma'am. May I have your name and room number?
My name is Terry. I stayed last night in your hotel in room 132. What kind of watch is it?
It's a brand-new Seiko wrist watch.
Yes, we have it.
Oh, I'm glad to hear that. Would you kindly send it to the Hilton Hotel?

What are your thoughts on the apartment?
I think that it’s absolutely gorgeous.
There aren’t any problems with the apartment?
I think that the apartment looks very nice, but I do see some problems.
What problems?
I did notice a few stains in the carpet.
We will have the carpet cleaned before you move in.
You will?
Yes, but other than that, are there any more problems?
That was the only thing that I saw that was wrong with the apartment.
I’m happy that you find this apartment so appealing.
It is. I love it.

That China-gown of Tang-Dynasty style is so beautiful. Would you show it to me, please?
Absolutely. Here it is.
Could I try it on?
Please do, the fitting-room is over there.
It feels a little tight around the waist. Do you have a bigger one?
I'm sorry. We don't have this color in your size. We have some green ones in your size. Would you please have a look at this green one?
OK. How much does it cost?
It's 486 yuan.
Mmm, it is reasonable.

Mrs. Wang, would you give us an idea of the price you regard as workable?
As I said before, your price is so high that we find it difficult to make a bid. We hope you will take the initiative and bridge the gap.
Just to comply, we're ready to reduce the price by 5 percent. I hope this concession of ours will get the ball rolling.
So do we. Certainly it's a step forward on your side. But the gap is still too wide.
The ball is in your court, Mrs.Wang. What price would you suggest?
To make your offer workable, I think you should take another step down as big as the one you've just taken.
That won't do. You see, our profit margin is very narrow. It simply can't stand such a big cut.
I hate to disappoint you, Mr. Brown, but if that's the case, we have no alternative but to cover our requirements elsewhere.
Do think it over, please. We sincerely hope our discussion will come to a successful conclusion.
Well, I'm not authorized to agree to such a big reduction. Would you mind waiting a day or two, until I get a reply from the home office?
Not at all. Shall we meet again, say, on Friday morning?
Good. Friday morning at 9.

Good morning. Good morning.This is Mary.Can I speak to Anne please?
I’m sorry She isn’t in at the moment. She will come back at half past nineCan I take a message for her?
Thank you.But I will call her later
OK.Goodbye.
Goodbye.

Hi, Jane. How are you doing this morning?
I’m all right, thanks. Just a little tired.
Late night?
Yeah, I got home around two.

We've been waiting here for nearly ten minutes now, and there still isn't a bus in sight. I'm afraid we'll be late for the party. Have you got the time, Tom?
Yes, my watch says a quarter to seven. but there is something wrong with my watch?!
But you bought it only last month.
Yes, but ever since I bought it, it gains about five minutes a day, so I' Ve got to have it repaired.
How long will it take us to get there?
I think about ten minutes by bus.
It's not far away, then. Let's walk, it's beginning to rain.
Wait?! I think I see a bus coming now.
Let's hope it's the No. 22 bus.

Hi, Mr. Smith. I'm Doctor Hawkins. Why are you here today?
I found it would be a good idea to get a check-up.
Yes, well, you haven't had one for 5 years. You should have one every year.
I know. I figure as long as there is nothing wrong, why go see the doctor?
Well, the best way to avoid serious illnesses is to find out about them early. So try to come at least once a year for your own good.
Ok. Let me see here. Your eyes and ears look fine. Take a deep breath, please. Do you smoke, Mr. Smith?
Yes.
Smoking is the leading cause of lung cancer and heart disease, you know. You really should quit.
I've tried hundreds of times, but I just can't seem to kick the habit.
Well, we have classes and some medications that might help. I'll give you more information before you leave.
Ok, thanks doctor.

Good afternoon. Mr. Tylor's office?
I'm afraid you've got the wrong extension.
I'm sorry, but could you please transfer this call to Mr. Tylor's office?
Sure, please hold on.
Thank you. Now Mr. Tylor's on the line. Go ahead, please.
You are so kind, you helped me a lot.
You are welcome. Bye?!

Good afternoon, Lexington Software. Angelina Dawson, how can I help?
Hello, this is Quinn from IBA.
Ah, hello Quinn. Oh dear, you are calling to tell me there is a problem, aren't you?
I'm afraid so, yes.
Hmm... well, it was my first attempt?! Is it a very big mistake, or can we just alter it?
Unfortunately it's rather a big mistake.
What do you recommend we do?
I would recommend we scrap this one and you bring in another set as soon as possible.
I trust your judgement. Thank you, Quinn. I'll be back tomorrow with a new set. Bye for now.

Oh?!?!?! I have a horrible toothache.
You should go to the dentist.
I hate dentists.
Well, suffer then. If you have a toothache, you have to go to the dentist. It always hurts.
I hate going.
Stop being such a baby. If it really hurts that much, just let them knock you out.
O. K., O. K., I’ll go.
Good. You'll feel better after you do.

Hi, I would like to purchase a one way ticket to Brussels, please.
Certainly sir, this is our train schedule. We have an express train departing every morning and an overnight train that departs at nine pm.
How long does it take to get there?
About twelve hours. We currently have tickets available only for first class on the express train. If you’d like, you can choose a sleeper on the overnight train which is a bit less expensive.
Yeah, I think that is the best option. Do you serve food on the train? Twelve hours is such a long time?!
Yes, of course. There is a dining car towards the front of the train where they serve meals at all times. We do provide complimentary water and coffee for all of our passengers.
Great?! I’ll take it. Here you are sir. Your train leaves from platform number nine at nine on the dot. Remember to be here at least thirty minutes before your scheduled departure time or else you might miss your train?!
I understand. Thank you very much?! Have a great trip.

I would like to take a trip to the beach this weekend.
A trip to the beach would be fun. How is the weather going to be?
The forecast says that it will be warm on the weekend.
So do you think it'll be perfect weather for the beach?
It sounds like it will be. I really hope it doesn't get cold. That would ruin things, I want to go so badly.
The weather in California is unpredictable, so you never know.
That is true. The weather is constantly changing. It would be nice if the weather would never change.
That would be great, then we could plan things sooner. True.
Predictable weather would make life easier.

Some companies use to ban dating among employees, but now they have realized it is something in avertable. People spend so much time at work. It is not surprising for one to have a crash on the other. If we think positively, office love can be beneficial to company.
Beneficial? I don’t think so. If two employees get married, they will leave at the same time for a honeymoon, or later one of them will stay at home taking care of babies. If they break up, the company will probably have to relocate one of them to make the workplace more comfortable. By any means, the company must spare extra efforts to solve problems brought by an office dating.
But if two employees are in love, they will be happy. Happy people are more productive. If they develop an intimate relation with each other, they are willing to share knowledge and experience. It can help to improve work efficiency.
I doubt that.

Do you eat a lot of healthy food?
Compared with healthy food, unhealthy food just tastes so much better. And anyway, I believe if you live a low stress Life and are active, you can get away with eating whatever you like. It's all in the mind.
You have the point. I think cancer is caused by more worry than by the things we consume. Some good things you should try are cranberry juice, wild rice and yoghurt.
What's special about these things?
Cranberry juice is very good for destroying harmful bacteria in your guts because it's very acidic. Wild rice is high in fibre so it's good for your guts and it's high in protein and minerals-I think it's also tastier than normal rice. Yoghurt's good because it's also rich in protein, vitamins and is also acidic. People have been making yoghurt for thousands of years and if you have it every day, your guts will be much more settled.
Thanks. I'm going to follow your advice and pop down to the supermarket right now.

I've been so tired recently. I've been trying, but I don't think I'm up to this job.
You need to take a break, maybe a vacation. Oh, yes, indeed. I've run out of steam.
To be honest, I want to be in a different environment.
Is that so?
Yes, I don't want to be stuck in a rut. I want to move on.
Have you decided?
Yes. I want to get a better job.
Could you tell me why you want to quit?
I quit just because of the dissatisfying salary and the trouble in getting along with my colleagues.
Oh, that's terrible. Do you want to get a higher salary in our company?
I'm afraid not. I've promised my girlfriend. We'll travel southwards to find a job that offers higher pay.
OK, I'd like to say that I've really enjoyed working with you. However, I think you should work harder for your new job and then you can ask for higher pay.
Thank you so much for your advice. And every best wish for your new job.
Thank you.

The train is leaving. Hurry up?! Which car are we in?
Let me see. Oh, No. 11. Here we are, Car 11. Let's get in.
Seats No. 20 and 21. It’s nice that we’Ve got a window seat.
Let's put our suitcases on the rack.
Oh, the baggage rack is full. Put them under the seat for the time being.
All right.

So, how should we get to the theatre? Let's take the bus.
I hate the bus system in London?! The bus drivers are rude, the buses are never on time, and there are few people around who can help you.
It's not that bad. You probably just had a bad experience once.
It wasn't just once. Every single time I take the bus, something bad happens to me or to someone else on the bus.
We could take the subway, but we'd have to go three stops along one line and then change trains twice. Train fares are twice as expensive as the bus fare, too.
If we don't hurry up, we'll miss the show. Should we take the bus?
We're already late, so I think we had better take a taxi.
I don't think we'll be able to find a taxi very easily during hush hours. Let's just take the bus.
Fine. Have a look at the timetable to find out when the next one arrives.
It looks like it should be here in just a few minutes. don't worry. Nothing bad will happen. I'll even buy your ticket for you.
Thanks, that was nice of you.
See, now something good has happened to you on a bus trip?!

Let's go over this plan again. From Vancouver, we bike along the border all the way to Winnipeg. And that is mostly flat, right?
Relatively, once we're out of Alberta, anyway. Then it's hills again in Aitoba.
And from Winnipeg we go around the lakes through Toronto, right?
That's right. And up in to Quebec. And that's where we stop.
It doesn't sound like that much when we go over the plan but that's a long, long ride. Are you ready for the cross country of a lifetime?

Good morning, sir. What can I do for you?
I'm Bill. I'm in Room 908. Can you change the room for me? It's too noisy. My wife was woken up several times by the noise the baggage elevator made. She said it was too much for her.
I'm awfully sorry, sir. I do apologize. Room 908 is at the end of the corridor. It's possible that the noise is heard early in the morning when all is quiet.
Anyhow, I'd like to change our room.
No problem, sir. We'll manage it, but we don't have any spare room today. Could you wait till tomorrow? The American People-to-people Education Delegation will be leaving tomorrow morning. There'll be some rooms for you to choose from.
All right. I hope we'll be able to enjoy our stay in a quiet suite tomorrow evening and have a sound sleep.
Be sure. I'll make a note of that. Everything will be taken care of. And if there is anything more you need, please let us know.

It's time for bed.
I'm not ready to go to sleep. I'm not tired.
It's quite late, and you have an early day tomorrow.
I'm not going to be able to fall asleep.
Why don't you try counting sheep?
I've tried that before. It really doesn't work.
That's beside the point, you still need to go to bed.
Why can't I just stay up until I fall asleep?
If I let you do that, then you're just going to be up all night.
I promise I'll go to sleep soon.
No, you're going to sleep now, so good night.
See you in the morning.

I see myself as being honest, diligent, persevering and creative. And I have a strong sense of responsibility.
How about your psychological resilience?
I think I can work well under pressure, if necessary.
How would you deal with those who are not easy to get along with?
I will just be sincere and friendly to others, and I believe they will treat me the same way.
You seem to be a kind-hearted lady.
Thank you. I simply believe the goodness of human nature.
Please tell me your weaknesses if you can.
I should admit that sometimes I care too much about the details. I am always in pursuit of perfection.

Karen? I need to go over a few things with you.
Certainly. Mr. Graham. When would you like to meet?
I was thinking about this afternoon, after the sales meeting.
Fine. At 3:30?

I believe we' Ve met before. My name's David.
Yes, at your company, I think. I'm Frank.
Oh, I remember now.Very nice to meet you again.
Nice meeting you, too.

I made my little brother cry.
Shame on you?!

I need some mascara. Do you have good thickening mascara?
Of course. Here is our thickening mascara. We also have mascara designed to lengthen the eyelashes.
Alright. And I want to consider your eye shadow too. Do you have a color chart can look at?
We have a very wide selection of colors. And our eye shadow is specially designed to moisturize the skin. So it is very gentle on your eyelids. Would you like to sample some?
Oh, sure I will need to clean off my own eye shadow first.
I can help you with that.
Thank you.

Is this the baggage claim area for flight KB256?
Yes, we are on the same plane.
But I am a transfer passenger. I have a connecting flight to Miami.
So you have to bring your baggage to the transfer check-in area.
Yes.It' s quite troublesome. Why not go and find a porter?

Billy, you don’t look too well. Maybe you should take the day off school.
But Mom?! Today we’re playing football?! I love football?!
You’Ve got a fever and playing football isn’t a good idea for a boy with a fever.
What’s that on your arm?
I don’t know. It was there when I woke up this morning.
It’s rash. I’d better take you to see the doctor.
How did you get that bruise on your leg?
I bashed it against the chair in my room.
Does it hurt?
A little, but not much. Here. Put this wet towel on your face to keep your temperature down. I’ll take you to the doctor’s after breakfast.
If I’m better this afternoon, can I go to school?
If you are better, but I doubt you will be.

This is your schedule.
You're going out of your way for us, I believe.
You are our honored guests.

Are there any vacancies still available?
Yes. We need a plumber here.
I am looking for a job that is more advanced than that, such as sales manager or regional manager.
I am sorry. They are not available now.

My name is Mary, and I will be your waitress tonight.
Thank you, Mary. We have been looking forward to trying out this restaurant.
Before your main course, would you like to order an appetizer?
Sure, that sounds great. Where are your appetizers listed?
There is a special appetizer menu right here in the center of the table.
The chicken and cheese quesadilla looks good. Is that pretty good?
You know, that is one of my favorites?!
OK, I'll take one order of that.
You could choose another appetizer for half price to share.
Perfect?! Please add on an order of onion rings.

I am waiting for a fax but just now I found there's something wrong with the fax machine.
What's wrong with the fax machine? Is it urgent?
Yes, very urgent. And there is no other fax machine around. And the office of our boss is closed, so I can not use his machine either. And his secretary is out. Do you have any suggestion?
Either call this extension number 0085 or ask them to send the fax to you as e-mail, you print it out.

I would like to speak to you, if you don’t mind.
What would you like to speak to me about?
I would like to talk to you about this year’s election.
Is that right? I am a volunteer for this year’s campaign.
That’s wonderful. I am impressed at someone so young taking a stand. I know history is about to be made, and I would like to be a part of it.
That’s fantastic. Are you planning on voting?
I’m going to vote. Go to your polling place early on Election Day.
I will.
Good luck with your volunteering.

We hope that there will be no repetition of this kind of trouble in the future.
Yes. I promise it will not happen again.
We look forward to your settlement at an early date.
We will inform you as soon as possible.

Hello, Steven. How do you get along with your job?
Actually, I learn many things from it. I find that I am a quick learner in new things.
Practice makes perfect. By the way, what do you learn from your job?
At first I didn't know anything about the machine. Now I know how to operate it. Besides, the work gives me a sense of fulfillment and achievement.
Yeah, you are a good learner. I must commend you for your good performance.
Thank you. That's a long way to go for my job.
I appreciate your effort very much. The coffee break is over ; it's about time we set to work.
OK, let's go.

Where on earth are we?
Judging by all the traffic, I'd say we're near the outskirts of the city.
What did I do wrong? Did I take a wrong turn?
I'm not sure, but I think you turned right when you should have turned left on the flyover bridge.
Well, now we should turn back a few kilometres. It seems that the traffic sign is much more important than the map.

Hello. Front desk.
Yes. This is Bob Robinson. I’m calling from room number 627.
Hi, Bob. What can I do for you? Is it possible to change to another room?
Could you please tell me why? My room is facing the swimming pool. It’s noisy for me. I have a problem sleeping. And I feel uncomfortable when I take an elevator.
So you need a quiet side room on the lower floor.
You’re right. Okay. Let me check for a room on the first floor.
Thank you.
I’Ve only two rooms on the first floor. How about room 108?
That’s fine. Can I move now?
Sure. I’ll send the bellman to help you.
Oh, thank you kindly.
You’re welcome.

How long will it take for our order to be delivered?
Let's see. You are importing fifty containers of textiles from China. They should be able to place your order before the end of next week. It will take 2 days for shipping to the port city of Ningpo. The freight will take 3 weeks on the open ocean and will arrive in Los Angeles approximately a month from today. Domestic shipping will be your responsibility, you can make arrangements with the pier in Los Angeles.
Fine, we will handle domestic shipping, but what about customs? Will we have to pay tariff on our imports?
I hope we don't run into any problems with the border control.
No, the Chinese company has that all worked out. With the paperwork you receive with the shipment, you should be good to go.

Now you're my boss, Mr. Henry. Do you have any other particular conditions that you would like the company to take into consideration?
No, nothing in particular. You may ask questions about us, if you have any.
All right. When can I start?

What are you doing here today?
I would like to fight my ticket.
Is the arresting officer in the courtroom today?
Yes, the officer is here today. What's your case?
I was pulled over for running a red light, but I never did.
Do you believe that the officer lied?
There was a camera on the signal. So, he was obviously lying.
Your license plate was caught on camera?
A picture of my license plate was never taken.
Since there is no picture of your license plate on record, I'm going to let you go.
Thank you. I'm glad that you believe me.

Hey Joe, what are you doing in this department store?
Hi, Rita, I'm just looking for a pair of shoes. I won't be here for long.
Why not? When I go shoe shopping, I have so many options for sneakers that I spend awhile looking at all of the choices.
That's my problem. I don't have a lot of options. What do you mean?
This is a big store, isn't it?
Yes, but I have unusually big feet. That wouldn't be too much of a problem except that they're also very wide, and only a few brands sell shoes that I can fit into.
So how do you usually go about buying shoes, then?
Well, first of all, I can only go to certain stores that can guarantee me a large selection.
Well, you're in the right store. If they don't have it, no one will.
After that I choose something from one of the few brands that I know will fit me. I prefer white, so I ask them to bring me a pair of white sneakers in my size. Since I’m usually only given one or two pairs of shoes that meet my qualifications, it makes it a very easy choice.

what shall we do after the volleyball match?
how about going to the Olympic souvenir store to have a look? I remember there is one in the gym.
that's a good idea. I was thinking of buying some gifts for my family. me, too.
What did you have in mind?
I haven't decided yet, but I think the Olympic Mascots are a must.
I agree. They're very lovely, especially " Huan Huan ".
is that the red one? That is my favorite, too. Do you know how much they are?
the five dolls are sold together as a set, and they're priced according to the size. The bigger they are the more expensive.
oh, I see. If I buy more than a set, can I get any discount?
I don't think so. All the souvenirs of the Olympic Games are very hot right now.
any other ideas?
there are lots of things, such as postcards, key chains, posters and various arts and crafts.
it all sounds great. We can go there after the match. I can't wait to see what they have.

Mom?! I hate eating vegetables?!
You don’t have to eat them. I don’t mind.
Thanks mom?! Can I have dessert now? I love chocolate cake?!
No dessert for you unless you eat all your vegetables.
But I don’t like them?! It’s not fair?!
You can have some fruit for dessert. If you eat an apple and a banana, I might let you have a small piece of chocolate cake.
Ok... actually, I don’t mind eating peas and carrots, buy I hate broccoli and cauliflower.
I’ll remember that for next time. You’ll get extra peas and carrots, buy no broccoli or cauliflower. OK?
Thanks mom?!

It was very kind of you to give me a tour of the place. It gave me a good idea of your product range.
It’s a pleasure to show our factory to our customers. What’s your general impression, may I ask?
Very impressive, indeed, especially the speed of your NW Model. That’s our latest development. A product with high performance.
We put it on the market just two months ago. The machine gives you an edge over your competitors, I guess.
Certainly. No one can match us as far as speed is concerned.
Could you give me some brochures for that machine? And the price if possible.
Right. Here is our sales catalog and literature.
Thank you. I think we may be able to work together in the future.

Is the factory fully-automated?
Not completely. Our production process is partially-automated. We use robots on the production line for routine assembly jobs but some of the work is still done manually.
What about supply of parts to the production line?
Well, the parts are automatically selected from the store room using a bar-code system. And there is an automatic feeder which takes them to the conveyor belt at the start of the production line.
What about the smaller components?
They're transported to the workstations on automated vehicles - robot trucks - which run on guide rails around the factory.

I'm glad you're on your ten-year reunion planning committee.
Yeah, you get the TV to yourself while I spend my nights surfing the Net for missing classmates. That's not why. This way I can see how you guys do this sort of thing.
I guess. Don't you have reunions in Taiwan?
Definitely. Every year. But just for our forty-person class. Ours are for everyone that graduated in the same year.

What does your job involve?
I'm the Project Manager so I have to make sure our projects run smoothly. I work with three Project Engineers. They take care of after-sales service and look after the maintenance side of the business.

How many languages can you speak?
Besides Chinese, I can speak English and French. You mean you can read and write both of them?
No, I can only carry on a simple conversation in French.
Can you read and write English well?
I can speak the language better than read and write.
Do you speak the language well enough to communicate with people of English-speaking countries?
I think so. I used to be an interpreter. Do you think your English is good enough to do desk work?
The amount of English I know enables me to do general desk work. I believe what I know is sufficient to work in an American firm.

What can I get for you? Here is the menu.
Let me have a look. Well, how many kinds of steaks do you have?
We have sirloin steaks, pepper steak, and filet steak.
Is there something go with the filet steak?
Yes, we have various sauces.
What about the gravy?

Are you ready to go shopping?
Just a minute. I need to make a list of thinks that we need.
Good idea. Have you written down potatoes, carrots, and onions?
I don’t have onions on my list. I’ll add them. We should get some tea. Is green tea ok or should we get the same tea that we usually get?
Let’s get both. We need some coffee too. Is that on your list?
Yes, it is. Here’s my list. Is there anything that I’Ve forgotten?
I think you’Ve got everything. I want to got some chocolate and some cheese.
What kind of cheese do you want.
I’m not sure. I’ll decide at the cheese counter, when I can see what they have.
Have we got enough money?
We don’t have enough cash, so I’ll take my credit card and we can pay with that.
Where are the car keys?
I’Ve got them there. Shall I drive?

Hello, can you tell me how to use the telephone?
If you want to order meals, call 8801.If you need other help, call 8803 and someone will be there.
Thank you so much. By the way, is there a mail service?
Yes, you can take your letters to the counter over there.

I am afraid that the fax machine in my room won’t be working till tomorrow. A technician has just come and checked it. He will bring me a new one tomorrow. It seems there is a big problem with mine and it will take some days for repairing. Can I use the one in your office?
Of course you can. I am sure this one works very well. I just sent dozens of pages. How many pages are you sending? Are you familiar with my fax machine?
Yes, I think you have the same model as I have.
Does your fax machine print out immediately a transmission protocol?
Yes, it will print immediately.

How many years have you done business with China?
Let me see, about five years, we established our business relationship with Hua Mei of China Import & Export Corporation in 2003.
Do you have any difficulties in doing business in China? You know the Chinese economic legislation is still incomplete?
I don't think I have any problem with our Chinese partners. They have always followed the contract strictly. We can do business directly with the corporation. As I mentioned before, the Chinese government is trying very hard to perfect its law. Its commercial legislation provides legal protection for foreign companies.
Well, it's known that the Sino-American relation is in a dilemma. Does it influence your business in China?
Actually not at present. But we are afraid it will. You know policies influence business to some extent.
I hope our government will not be influenced by some extremists. China is really a large market. We don't want to lose it.
Thank you.
You're welcome.

Give me a pack of first-class stamps, please.
Here you are. That will be five dollars. Anything else?
Yes. I want some post cards and some airmail stamps. I want to send some letters to South America.
Just a moment, I'll look up the rate for air-mail letters to South America.
Can you tell me how much it will cost to send a package to Colombia? Also, I what to know how long it will take.
Do you have the package with you? I would have to weigh it to see how much it would cost. Do you insure package?
Yes. All you have to do declare the value of the package and decide how much you want to insure it for.
Is there a way that I can be sure that the people in South america receive my package?
The post office rarely loses package. You can, however, request a rectum receipt.
One last question-what are your hours?
We open at eight-thirty in the morning and close at five-thirty in the afternoon.
Thank you, you helped me a lot.

Hello, thank you for taking the time to interview me.
Hi there, I’m Bill Gotcha, the owner of Gotcha Enterprises. Did you find your way here OK?
Your assistant gave wonderful directions.
Why are you switching jobs at this point in your career?
Our Company is moving overseas and I wish to stay in the United States.
What are you best at?
I am good at organizing systems that have been having problems.
What is your biggest challenge in terms of skills?
I don’t like to sit around and so like to always find things to do to keep myself busy.
That is good to hear?!

Good morning. SRC international. How may I help you?
Good morning. I'd like to speak to Peter. Chen Please.
Certainly. Who should I say is calling?
This is Tim. Hunter from Hunter industries.
And what is it regarding please?
We have an appointment for this afternoon. Mr. Chen will know why I'm calling.
Of course, Please hold the line Mr. Hunter.

Right, let me run through your options. You can go ahead and cash your undue Large-Amount Deposit Certificate if you really want to, but I'd recommend a Personal Durable Commodities Loan.
OK, what does that entail?
It's not too much trouble to do it this way and remember, your certificate is due in 2 months. If you can hold on to it, it'll be much better for your finances.
Yes, it does seem a little silly to cash it now. I'll probably need about 25,000 RIB. Will that be a problem?
Not at all, Mr Zu. As the certificate is due in 2 months, you can get the loan on mortgage of that certificate.
I'm glad you thought of this. I'd have just gone ahead and cashed it?! And I suppose I can use the money from the certificate to pay back this Personal Durable Commodities Loan and I won't lose any interest, right?
Exactly right. If you'd like to go ahead, I can process that for you now, Mr Zu.
Absolutely, Jenny. Thanks very much, I think you've saved me quite a lot of money today.

My aunt told me one of her secrets--cellophane tape. I just got it at the special health store. It's for my flabby arms.
Let me know how it works. I have to say, I have had enough of this roller coaster.
I know what you mean. I'm like a yo-yo. Last week I was down to 60 kilos. This week I had one donut more. Now I'm up to 62 kilos.

May I have a menu, please?
Of course. Could you tell me how this thing is cooked? Lobster?
It is steamed and served with our special sauce.
Is it good?
Sure. It is a most popular dish.
I think I will try some lobster, and give me some green salad together.

Can’t you come in and have tea now, Peter?
Not yet, I must water the garden first.
Do you have to water it now?
I’m afraid I must. Look at it?! It’s terribly dry.
What a nuisance?! Last summer it was very dry, too. Don’t you remember? I had to water it every day.
Well, I’ll have tea by myself.
That was quick?! Have you finished already? Yes, Look out of the window. It’s raining.
That means you needn’t water the garden.
That was a pleasant surprise. It means I can have tea, instead.

I'm broke, and I have to catch another bus.
Why don't you have any money for another bus?
I got hungry and bought some chips.
That was smart.
Anyway, do you have any change I can use for the bus?
I don't have any.
I don't know how I'm going to get home.
Get a transfer from the bus driver.
How much is a transfer?
It doesn't cost anything.
That's great?! Thanks for your help.
You know what? Don't mention it.

Hello, Anna. Come in and sit down.
Hello, doctor.
What's the matter? I've got a backache.
Do you often suffer from backache?
No, I don't. I've never had a bad one before. When did it start?
About four days ago.
Well, go home and rest in bed for two days, then you'll feel better. Can you give me some medicine? It's very painful.
Yes, I'll give you some pills. Take one a time and three times a day, and come back in three days. If you don't feel...

Welcome on board. May I see your boarding pass?
Here you are. Your seat is three, in the third row, near the window.
Thank you. Where can I put my suitcase?
Either in the overhead compartment or underneath the seat.
Everyone's attention, please. We are going to take off. Please fasten your belts.

Hello, madam. How do you like your staying here?
Quite good. Excuse me, are there any places of interest?
Yes, there are so many near our hoteI. Three blocks away from here, there is temple. It's famous for its building and paintings. lt' s worth visiting.
Thank you. I think today we will go there.

You're here to make a deposit, is that correct?
Right. I'd like to deposit 2,000 RIB into my Current Account.
No problem. Could I have the cash and your Bank Book, please?
Oh dear... there seems to be some problems here... What? What's wrong?
I'm sorry but 5 of these notes seem to be counterfeit. Look at this watermark, do you see it?
It does look a little strange, I didn't notice that before.

Hello, sir. Is there anything I can help you find?
Um... Uh... I'm just looking, thanks.
Need a gift for your girlfriend or wife...
No, no, no. I'm just browsing. Thanks anyway.
Well, if you need anything, just ask. Um... well, where's the men's shoe department?
It's on the third floor. Turn left when you get off the escalator.
Thanks.

An idea about killing time on a train?
I advise you to read Playboy.You can get a lot from it.
But there's quite a lot of rumors about it.
That's why it's interesting.

Have you brought the receipt with you?
No, I don't. I left it home.
Sorry, but we can't do anything without the receipt. Come back with it.
I didn't know. I'll go to get it. How late will you be open?
Till 5:30.

I haven't told you what happened yet, have I?
I haven't heard anything.
My boss offered me a promotion, and I took it.
Are you serious?
Yes, I am really excited.
That's great. Congratulations?!
Thank you.
Actually, I could not believe it at first. You know, there're so many outstanding people in our company. Many of them are qualified to fill that position.
Sure, but you really did great and outperformed the others. You deserved it?!
Thank you very much.

I like Chinese food.
I like Chinese food, too. I like dumplings best. At school, we sometimes have Chinese food for lunch.
That's good. We eat Chinese food only at the Chinese restaurant.
My mother can make some Chinese food.
Really? That's wonderful?!

OK. Come back into the classroom, class.
Does the class start again, Mam?
Yes, but to the heath, this break has last long enough.
Oh, breaktime flies. come on, baby. It’s time now.
Mam, another minute, could I?
Hurry up, little boy.

What's the actual flight time from here to San Francisco?
It's about twelve hours.
Can you tell me what time we're arriving?
Sure. Let me see... at 6:15 a. m. local time.
I see. And that'll be 10:15 p. m. Beijing time.

Excuse me, but I'm not feeling too well. I think I'm going to throw up.
There's an airsick bag behind the seat that's in front of you.
I must've missed it. Is this your first time flying?
Yes. I'm going to San Francisco.
Oh, it's a beautiful city. I think you'll like it.
Hey, I'm feeling much better already.
Sometimes if you don't think about it, that sick feeling will go away on its own.
Thanks.
By the way, my name is Mary.
I'm Frank. Nice to meet you.

Welcome to Al's Bakery. What can I get you?
Hi?! Let me get a dozen croissants, four blueberry muffins and a loaf of sourdough bread.
Sure. Would you like to have the loaf sliced?
No, that's OK. Do you have any whole wheat bread?
We are out at the moment. May I suggest some rye bread?
Sure that sounds good. Do you have any cakes?
We have various birthday cakes and also ice cream cakes.
I'll just take a cheesecake.
Will that be all?
Yes.
Your total is forty three dollars and twenty cents.
You got it.

Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, we are happy you have all come out for our training workshop. Today we have a great line-up of speakers to talk to you. First on our program is a well-renown expert in the field of international economic development, Harvard's own Dr. James Smith. Dr. Smith has been involved in economic research for over twenty years, and has taught at Harvard since 1995. And now, without further adieu, we'd like to welcome Mr. James Smith.
Thank you, Mr. Jackson, ladies and gentlemen, colleagues, friends. The subject of my talk is international relations in a morgen world. I plan to say a few words about the current situation in the Middle East and how it affects world economy. I'd like to give you an overview of the way that the economies of seemingly unrelated countries are intertwined. I've divided my talk into three parts, first an overview of international relations, second a discussion of current political situations, and lastly trends for the future. My presentation will take about two hours, but there will be a twenty-minute break in the middle. We'll stop for lunch at 12.

You're looking rather pale, why?
I couldn't sleep well recently.
You'd get plenty of sleep for you work so hard.
I always drink too much wine in the evening.
You shan't drink more wine in the evening.
Yes, you are right.
And you'd take some exercise every day.
Many thanks for your advice.

Hello Mrs Parker, how have you been?
Hello Dr Peters. Just fine thank you. Ricky and I are here for his vaccines.
Very well. Let's see, according to his vaccination record, Ricky has received his Polio, Tetanus and Hepatitis B shots. He is 14 months old, so he is due for Hepatitis A, Chickenpox and Measles shots.
What about Rubella and Mumps?
Well, I can only give him these for now, and after a couple of weeks I can administer the rest.
OK, great. Doctor, I think I also may need a Tetanus booster. Last time I got it was maybe fifteen years ago?!
We will check our records and I'll have the nurse administer and the booster as well. Now, please hold Ricky's arm tight, this may sting a little.

I’m interested in teaching at your school.
Great. Are you a qualified teacher?
Yes.
What kind of teaching certificate do you have?
I have a TEFL certificate.
How many years of experience do you have?
I have three years of teaching ESL and four years of teaching per-school children.
When did you get your TEFL certificate?
I got my TEFL certificate three years ago.
Why do you want to teach at our school?
Well, I’Ve heard many good things about it. I also like teaching young children.
That’s great. Can you speak Chinese?
Yes, just a little.
Can you come in for an interview tomorrow at 10:00?
I sure can.
Great. See you then.

Why is the car before us stopping?
What's going on? Look. Two cars are standing right in the middle of the road and the drivers are shouting rude words to each other.
That's why that car stops.
More and more people easily get irritated while driving.
Yes. This is what is called road rage.

This is today’s schedule. At 8 thirty AM, conference with the department managers. At 9 o’clock, live for the workshop where you’ll award prizes to the staff for preventatives.
That’s great. What are the prizes?
3000 RIB as bonus for each person. To encourage the staff increases.
Ok. Next thing is laying the corner-stone for the new plant at 10 AM. At 12 AM, back here for lunch. What about the afternoon? At 2 PM, give a presentation here with the press. At four o’clock sharp, have dinner with Mr. Smith, manager of NCC.

This is Lincoln Bank, Consumer Credit Department. How can I help you?
Ah, hello. I'm calling to find out how I apply for a car loan.
We offer a Personal Automobile Consumer Loan. The application process is pretty straight forward. I trust you have enough funds to cover the 20 % down payment?
Yes, I do. It's ready and waiting in my account.
The next step is for us to recommend a dealer to you, who are already contracted to us, so...
Could I just stop you there? Sorry to interrupt, but I have already been to your appointed dealer and selected the car I want.
That will certainly cut down the processing time. We can move on to the next step. Do you have the purchase price?
Yes, it's 110,000 RIB. So, with the down payment done, I will need to borrow 70,000 RIB.
What we need you to do next is to come into the branch with a correctly filled in application form, ID card, proof of residency, proof of income, the agreement from the agent and of course the 20 % down payment.
Yes, I have everything here.
OK, I'll come in and see you later today. Maybe I could have my new car as early as next week?! How exciting?!

Hi, my name is Tom.
Tom, the new sales representative? Nice to meet you?! I'm Melinda.
Nice to meet you too.Melinda. Now let me show you around. This is our reception area, and our conference room is right over there. Over here is the sales department.
Really? This is a nice office, but it's quite small.
Yeah... You can make photocopies and send faxes over there.
It looks like you guys work hard.
I tell you what just between you and me, we just mess things up so that it looks like we work hard.Just kidding.
Oh, your cubicle is over the. And this way. Those are all private offices the managers offices.
Hmm... Tell me more details about our jobs.
Sure thing.

What do you think of our price? Your price has gone up sharply, hasn't it?
Yes. We regret we cannot maintain our original price. Since the prices of the raw materials have been raised, we have to adjust the price of our products accordingly.
I agree with you there, but your price is unreasonable.
I don't think so. You must compare our price with that of other export houses. I'm sure our offer is in line with the prevailing market price level.
I don't think we'll be able to pay the price.
To have this business concluded, you need to lower your price at least by 3 %.
I’m afraid that there is no room for any reduction in price.
Don't you agree with me that in the long run, moderate prices will bring about large sales and more profit?
We've already cut down our price to cost level.
Is that all?
Yes, this is the best we can do.
I'm sorry we can't handle the price you offered.

So, Jimmy, how does it feel to have your own money?
It’s great, dad. I don’t mind delivering papers, but the real fun is collecting the money.
Even though you are only twelve, it’s not too early to start saving a little money.
I’Ve never had a bank account before. Why don’t I just keep my money under the matters like grandpa does?
You know you would spend it. And also, money in the bank earns interest.
But what if I need my money suddenly?
The bank will give you a PIN, and you can withdraw money from any ATM.
Great?! So it’s almost the same as keeping it under the matters?!
Not quite. You have to maintain a minimum balance of twenty dollars. And sometimes the bank has service charges. But you don’t have to worry about that yet. Let’s go make your first depot OK.
Guess I have to do that before. I can make money my first withdrawal.

Is this where I can catch a bus to the theater?
Yes, but you can't get there with out a change.
Which bus do I have to change?
You have to get off at the hospital and change for bus 15.
I see. Thank you.

Here we are, Joan. This is the Palace museum, also known as the Forbidden city.
Oh, how splendid?! Can you take a picture of me here?
Sure.

Excuse me. I'm afraid I got lost. Where am I on this map?
We are here, bus station, we are in the heart of the city.
Oh?! Can I go from here to the Zhongshan Park?
Head straight up the street about two blocks then turn right.

Tony, could you tell me if there are any special rules about the job?
Working hours are from 8: 30 a. m. to 5:00 p. m. Be sure not to be late or absent. Report to the manager by filling in the' Monthly Report' every month.
Is there anything else? How about my salary?
Our company has a strict and reasonable salary standard. On the 20th day of every month, you can get your salary on time. Benefits depend upon the length of service and the employee's past attendance record.
Wow, thank you for telling me these. Do you mind telling me something else, like attendance record, holiday, and how to ask for leave?
All new members are likely to ask the same questions. Haha.
I can understand that. Every month you have three days off, besides the weekends and some important holidays. After you've been here for a year, you qualify for a one-week vacation. The leave less than a half-day should predict for an hour, and more than a half-day should predict three days.
Okay, that's good. I get it.

Kate, you never believe what's happened.
What do you mean?
Masha and Hero are getting divorced.
You are kidding. What happened?
Well, I don't really know, but I heard that they are having a separation for 2 months, and filed for divorce.
That's really surprising. I always thought they are well matched.
What about the kids? Who get custody?
Masha, it seems quiet and makable, no quarrelling about who get the house and stock and then contesting the divorce with other details worked out.
That's the change from all the back stepping we usually hear about.
Well, I still can't believe it, Masha and Hero, the perfect couple.
When would they divorce be final?
Early in the New Year I guess.

Overseas operator. I would like to make a collect call to Taipei, Taiwan, please.
Your name, please.
Tim Chen.
What's the number, please.
The area code is 2, and the number is 2367-9960.
The line is connected. Please go ahead.

Hello. Excuse me.
Yes. Can I help you? Do you remember me? I just had lunch here a half hour ago.
Of course I remember you.
I think I lost my wallet here.
Oh, no. Really? I didn't see anything.
Really? You didn't find a wallet?
No, I didn't.
Would you like to go look by the table with me?
Yes, I would.
It's not here. And it's not on the floor.Has anyone sat at this table since we left?
No. It's been empty the whole time.
Hmm. I don't know how it could have happened.
I remember, sir, that your friend took the bill.You didn't pay for the lunch yourself, did you?
No. My friend did.
Then are you sure you took your wallet out of your pocket while you were here?
No, I'm not sure. But I usually take out my wallet when I sit down.It' s uncomfortable to sit on it. So I usually put it next to me on the table.
Maybe you lost it before you came here. Or maybe you left it at home.
I don't think it's at home. I think I had it when I left the house.But what should I do?
Well, the first thing you should do is make sure it's not at home.Then, if it isn't, you need to call your credit card companies and cancel your cards. Next, you need to replace whatever you lost, your driver's license, things like that.
Should I call the police?
You can if you want. But the police usually don't do anything about lost wallets.
Hmm. I'll go home and check. Maybe you're right. Maybe it's at home.
I'm sorry we couldn't find it, sir.
Thanks for your help.

Good morning, young lady. You can call me Ma. Do you see anything you like?
Yes. Many things?! I especially love this beautiful quilt.
That quilt was passed down to me from my ma in Holland.
It sounds like a special quilt. Why do you want to sell it?
Well, this home is too big for me now, so I'm moving to an apartment that is much smaller. Therefore, I need to part with a few things.
Oh, I see. Umm, how much do you want for the quilt?
Is fifteen dollars OK?

Have you got change for a thousand?
Let me see.

May I come in, Mr Sun?
I’d rather you didn’t, Miss Yang. I’m very busy now.
Can I try later then?
Yes, of course.
Is it all right for me to come in now, Mr Sun?
Well, uh... I’m still pretty busy, but... all right. Come in.
What can I do for you?
Do you mind if I sit down?
Not at all. Take a seat. Now what can I do for you?
I want to leave the department. Do you think I could put info a transfer?
Yes.
But why should you want to do that?
Do you mind if I speak frankly?
Not at all. Go ahead.
Well. You see, I don’t like the office. I don’t like the staff. And I’m afraid of you. And I don’t want to go one. So may I put info a transfer?
Yes. I’d be delighted if you did.

Where is that? Take me to the airport, please.
Are you in a hurry?
I have to be there before 17 o'clock.
We'll make it except a jam. You know it's rush hour.
There's an extra ten in it for you if you can get me there on time.
I'll do my best.
Here's twenty dollars. Do you have small bills?
No. If you can't break it, keep the change. But can you give me a receipt?
Here is your receipt.
Thank you.

Recently I have been getting headache and my eyes don't seems to see focus properly.
When did you last time have your eyes checked?
Two years ago. At that time I had no problems.Now I can’t even make out something ten meters away.
Come over here. I will test your eyes. First cover your left eye like this, and when I point, please read the chart from the top, and go as far as you can, telling me which way the “ E ” points.
All right. Good.Now the other eye. Well, this one is worse.
Never mind, just read as far as you can.
I can only read the first three lines.

Is there a car park near the supermarket?
Yes, there is an underground car park near the supermarket.
I see. Thanks.

Oh, come on, Ultraman?! What's up, Bro? What's in the bulletin?
It says that there will be a blackout from 5 p. m. to 7 p. m. in our neighborhood today.
Blackout? Even the TV has the limit. Don't you know you will look like a monster in the blackout?
Oops, no, Daddy can't watch American Idol, either?! That's not the point.
Come on, can you imagine that there will be no electricity on such a hot day? Oh, my god?! No air-conditioner?!
OK, since you are the smart one, can you come up with a better plan? So that we won't be baked like cookies here.
How about playing Barbie out there in the neighborhood?
Barbie? You know, I might be seven, but I'm not a girl.
Do you have a better plan?
All right, all right.

Yes, ma'am, how could I help you?
I am wondering if you do facial care?
Yes, we do.
How much would it be?
From 200 to 800.
I'm afraid 800 is too expensive for me. Could you recommend something around 300?
No problem.

Can I help you, Miss?
I would like to order 2 office-style cabinets and desk calendars. We want office-style cabinets in white. The catalogue number is 90-f-2356.
How soon do you want it?
Could you deliver it tomorrow?
No problem. Please handle the items carefully.
Certainly.
We will pay by collect on delivery.

I hate to do this to you, Alice, but I’m going to have to ask you to put in some more overtime.
Does it have to be this afternoon, Mr. Fairbanks? I’Ve already made plans.
Well, I would have preferred to do it today, but if you’Ve already made plans, we can do it tomorrow.
I’d appreciate that, sir. How long do you think you’ll need me to stay?

What’s your attitude when do wrong things at work?
The buck stops here.

Hello?! Is your company advertising for administrative assistant on the newspapers?
Well, Administrative assistant with shorthand and typing skills are badly needed here.
First I want to check about the availability and see if you could give me more information.
The position calls for a person with some working experience. We must be able to benefit from your analytical and interpersonal skills. Can you deliver your resume to us first?
Of course. I will deliver my resume to you in minutes' time. I hope you will consider my application and I shall appreciate a reply at your earliest convenience.
OK. I will call you soon. Bye now.
Bye.

Just as the saying goes, every potter praises his own pot. You should pay special attention to selling yourself properly in the interview. It is especially important for the graduates who step into the job market for the first time. You'd better prepare what you are going to say in advance, in order to have a good performance in the interview. The contents should be mainly descriptions of your background. And the length depends on the particular situation. Only when you are aware of what the interviewer will be interested in, can you make a targeted preparation. To sell yourself successfully, you should leave the interviewer a deep impression. Selling yourself should go straight to the point, and the statement should be clear and brief. It should also be truthful and realistic. Do not blindly blow your own horn. You should particularly state your strong points which are closely related to the position you are applying for. While you should not omit your weak points, they need to be described appropriately Time permitted, you could add certain examples to your description. Besides, in the interview, it is best that you make corresponding adjustments to apply your prepared contents flexibly.

Hello?
Hi, Deborah?! This is John. I'm calling from Australia.
What are you doing in Australia?
I'm attending a conference in Sydney this week. Remember?
Oh, right. What time is it there?
It's 10:00 P. M. And it's four o'clock in Los Angeles, right?
Yes - four o'clock in the morning.
4:00 A. M.? I'm really sorry.
That's OK. I'm awake now.

John hasn't turned up and Stefan is ill. Do we have anyone on stand-by?
I'm afraid not, we're very short-staffed at the moment.
Can you ask the shift supervisor to ask one of his team to do some overtime?
Perhaps Tommy can stand in for an hour or two until we find a replacement.

Jack, let’s go?! Oh, you are out of breath?! What happened?
Some people are wildly shooting on the next street. We must leave here as soon as possible?!
Take it easy. They will get caught.

Hello. May I speak to Jerry, please?
Sorry, but he is out for lunch right now.
I see. Can you give me some idea how long he'll be back?
I think he will be back around 2:00. If you like, please leave your name and phone number, I'll have him call you as soon as he comes back.
That's nice. My name is Steven, my phone number is 6789777.
Okay, I'll be waiting for his call. Thank you and bye?!
My pleasure, bye?!

Excuse me, Miss. What can I do for you?
I've just heard an announcement that my flight has been delayed.
What's your flight number?
Flight CA216 to Chengdu.
Yes, it's true. It has been delayed.
Could you please tell me why?
Yes, of course. The delay is due to heavy rain.
How long will the delay be? Do you have any further information about it?
I am sorry, we don't know the extent of the delay at present. But according to the latest weather forecast, there will be a change in weather soon. We have to wait.
Well, is it possible for the rain to stop before noon?
It's hard to say. Weather is so changeable in the summer. Please listen to the latest announcement about your flight.
Yes, I will. Thanks a lot. Bye?!
Bye

What are we going to do? I can't get the car out of this ditch. I'm stuck?!
I'm worried, Tom. I haven't seen any other cars for almost an hour.
I know. This is terrible. What can we do? This snow doesn't stop falling?!
I told you we should have stayed in town today.The weather report said 100 percent chance of snow.Why did you want to come up here?
I wanted to show you the cabin. We only had another half-hour to go.
Well, now we're stuck. What can we do?
I don't know. I've heard that when this happens, it's important to save energy.
What do you mean? We're stranded here, Tom. We may be here a long time.We need to conserve the gas in the car. The car's energy is what will keep us warm.
I have plenty of gas.
Yes, but the gas and the battery both have to stay working.We can't just let the car run and run.If we do, it will die soon. Then we'll freeze.
So what can we do?
Turn the lights off.Then, run the car and the heater only about fifteen minutes every hour.That will conserve the heat as long as possible.
Alright. That's a good idea. I wish we hadn't come up here. Now we'll probably be here for days.
Days?
Yes, it happens.That is what happens in big snowstorms. People get stranded for days.
Oh, my God?! It's good we have food. Probably we'll survive.But turn the car off for about forty-five minutes. Then we'll turn it on again.

Hey, buddy, can’t you see there’s a line?
Oh, sorry. I didn’t know.
What? You haven’t taken the bus before?
No, I’m afraid not.
Well, you have to wait in line like everyone else. Besides, you should let old people on first.
Sorry.
It’s all right. Where are you going?
I wanted to see the White House.
Oh, well you don’t want this bus, anyway. It goes to Georgetown.
Oh, no. It’s all right, though. Just get off at the next stop and catch the 79A.
Oh, well thank you very much.
You’re welcome.

Can I help you?
I'd like the double cheese burger meal, please.
What kind of drink would you like with that?
Just coke will be fine.
Would you like a super size meal? Only 2 RIB more, you'll get large coke and fries instead of medium. And today we are offering free toys all the meal boxes.
That sounds good, thanks, I'd like that. Actually I'd like sprite instead of coke, thanks.
That's not a problem, Miss. Will that be it?
Yes, that's all. That will be 25RMB, please
You got it.

Do you have any night tours?
Yes, we will depart in 10 minutes.
Is that a guided tour?
Yes, it is.
That's fine. Let's get on the bus.

I am sure we will make it up as soon as possible.
That's nice. We hope this matter will not affect our good relations in our future dealings.
Of course not. We have cooperated for a long time.

I would like to purchase some meat.
What kind of meat would you like to get today?
First off, I'm going to need a pound of ground beef.
A pound of ground beef is $ 2.48.
That's perfect. What else will you be needing?
I'm also going to need three pounds of chicken breasts.
The chicken breasts cost $ 4.05 per pound. What's the total price for the chicken?
It's going to be $ 12.15.
Okay, I think that will be all for me today.

I think you know already that I want to discuss the represent - ton for your alarm clocks.
Yes, Mr. Bergeron. You mentioned that in your letter.
To tell you the truth, your proposal surprised us.
Is that so?
Anyhow I want to go over the details with you in person, so you can give my suggestion thorough consideration.
Our firm specializes in this line of business. We have six sales representatives, who are on the road all the time, covering the whole of the European market.
Do you sell direct to shops?
Yes, we specialize in handling clocks and watches of all sorts. We have well established channels of distribution and we canvass the retailers direct, without any middlemen.
Do you keep a stock of these things?
In some cases, such as the wristwatches, which always have a steady market, we keep a stock in London and act as distributors as well as agents. Generally, however, we pass on the orders of our clients to the manufacturers for supply. We are paid for our service, of course.
That is, your commission.
Yes, our commission is very reasonable. We usually get a 10 % commission of the amount on every deal. Our agents in other areas usually get a 3-5 % commission. The European market is not familiar with your products. You have competitors from Japan and other continental countries. At the beginning of our campaign, there is sales resistance to overcome, we must send out salesmen to do a lot of traveling and spend a considerable amount of money on advertising in news - papers and TV programs. A 10 % commission will not leave us much.
According to your estimate, what is the maximum annual turn - over you can fulfill, in round figures, of course?
We will always do our utmost to enlarge the business, as our remuneration increases with the turnover, but we will not guar - ante anything, at least not to begin with.
We appreciate very much your intention to push the sale of our products. But our suggestion to you, Mr. Bergeron, as a preliminary step, is to do a little research into the market...
Do you mean to say you refuse us the agency?
Mr. Bergeron, you leave us no alternative. We can not give you an exclusive agency of the whole European market without having the slightest idea of your possible annual marketing turnover. Besides our price is worked out according to the costing. A 10 % commission means an increase in our price. We must have the reaction of the buyers in this respect.
Oh, that's just too bad. I intended to make great efforts in selling your products.
Well, we can still carry on our business relationship without the agreement. To start the ball rolling, we will provide you with price lists, catalogues and some samples. Only when you have a thorough knowledge of the marketing possibilities of our products, can we then discuss further details.
Ah, Mrs. Miller, but in this case am I covered?
Oh, yes. We will give you a 5 % commission on every transaction.
All right, but I'll be back again for the Autumn Fair. And then I hope we can see eye to eye about our commission and the terms of the agency.
Very good. We will discuss the matter again at the next Fair.

Excuse me, I’m sorry to trouble you. My name is Susan Ransom, and I have placed several orders with you company.
Yes, Mr. Ransom? This is Karl Miller. How may I help you?
Well, I wonder if you could track an order I placed with you last month. It hasn’t arrived yet.
Certainly, Ms. Ransom. Do you have an order number?

Have you worked out the offers. Mr. Thou?
Yes, we have. Here's our CIF quotation sheet. Please have a careful look.
Are the prices on the list firm offers?
Yes. All the quotations on the list are subject to our final confirmation.
I wonder whether there are any changes in your prices.
All these products are our best-selling lines. The prices of our products will change according to that of the international market demand. And we are always open to negotiate, especially on larger orders.
What do you have in mind?
How long does your offer remain valid?
I need some time to get my supervisors on board with this plan.
I understand. Our offer remains open for 4 days.

Hello sir, may I help you?
Yeah, I accidentally dropped my phone in the toilet.
I see. Well, you have come to the right place. We have over one hundred models of more than twenty leading mobile phone manufacturers.
Sounds good. I don’t want it to be too expensive, maybe something mid-range.
We have this new ETC smart phone.It comes with the Android OS so you can download applications. It also has a built-in camera, mp3 player and touch screen. It works on the 3G network so you have fast access to the internet wherever you are.
What about Wi-fi?
Of course?! You can access the internet from any hotspot as well as from home.
One last thing. Is it waterproof?

We have been over this a hundred times?! We are not getting a pet?!
Why not? Come on?! Just a cute little puppy or a kitty?!
Who is going to look after a dog or a cat?
I will?! I’ll feed it, bathe it and walk it every day?! We can get a Labrador or a German Shepard?!
What if we want to take a vacation? Who will we leave it with? Plus, our apartment is too small for that breed of dog.
Ok. How about we get a cat or a ferret?
We’re planning on having children soon, I don’t think those animals are a good idea with a baby in the house.
Fine?! Let’s get a bird then?! We can keep it in its cage and teach it to talk?! A parrot would be awesome?!
I’ll tell you what, I can get you some hamsters and we’ll take it from there.
Yay?!

Good evening, Mr. Lee and thank you for choosing our airline. We have just discovered that this flight is overbooked. Would you like to volunteer to give up your seat?
Overbooked? Give up my seat? I don’t understand.
From time to time we have a situation in which there are more passengers than there are seats on the aircraft. That’s overbooked.
I know what overbooked is, I just don’t understand how that could happen?
Actually it’s a common practice to overbook, as passengers often don’t take their flight as scheduled. Most of the time there is no problem but today, more passengers arrived than we have seats,
So who has to stay behind?
Well, first we ask for volunteers. If someone like yourself volunteers, they receive a free round trip ticket to be used within one year. If no one volunteers we just have to select someone.
Ok. I’ll volunteer. I could use a free ticket?!

I want to rent this apartment.
I’m glad to hear that. How much are you asking?
You will have to pay $ 1050 every month.
I can’t afford that. What can you afford?
I was thinking $ 800 a month.
I’ll need you to pay more than that. How much more?
How does $ 900 every month sound to you?
I can live with that. We have a deal then.

Good morning, Miss Monica. Nice to meet you again?!
Good morning, Mr. Thomas, it is nice to see you too. After the internal discussion, we have all agreed that you are the most suitable person for this position among all the candidates. So, today let’s talk about your expected salary and social benefits. What is your expected salary?
I’Ve worked in the field for more than 4 years. Depend on my work qualifications and experience, I would like to have 5000 Yuan to start.
The basic salary for your position in our company would be 4800 Yuan to start with increases giving according to your performance.
It is a bit lower than I expected. But I can accept that.
What are the working hours?
40 hours a week, Monday to Friday, 9 AM to 5 PM with one hour lunch break every day..
Do I have to work on weekend? If so, how do you pay for the overtime?
We do expect overtime work when it is necessary, but we pay twice of the work hour for working on weekends and three times for working on national holidays like Spring Festival and the Mid-Autumn Day.
Is there probation?
No probation is involved. If you feel good, you can start next week.

Welcome to the McDonald's. What will it be for you, madam?
One Big Mac and French Fries.
Is there anything else?
Give me one coke, please.
Is this to go or to eat here?
To go, please.
That comes to four dollars and ten cents.
And can I have some ketchup, please?
It's on the service counter over there. Please go to help yourself.

What's the name of this street?
University Street.
Do you know of any banks near here?
You'll see one at the corner on your right.

Hey there, you look a little lost. Are you new here?
Yeah how’d you know?
You can always spot the newbies. I can give you a few pointers if you want. Were you trying to use this machine here?
Yeah?! I just started my training today and I’m not really sure where to begin.
It’s ok, I know how it is. This machine here will work out your upper body, mainly your triceps and biceps. Are you looking to develop strength or muscle tone and definition?
Well, I don’t want to be ripped like you?! I just want a good physique with weights and Carpio.
In that case you want to work with less weight. You can start off by working ten to fifteen reps in four sets. Five kilo weights should be enough. Now it’s very important that you stretch before pumping iron or you might pull a muscle.
Got it?!
Wow is that the weight you are lifting? My goodness that’s a lot of weight?!
It’s not that much. Just watch... I’m ok...

Excuse me.Could you tell me how to return to the Hilton Hotel? I am afraid I lost my way.
Do you have a hotel card or something? Let's see.Yes, I have the address and telephone number here.
Oh, you're staying at the downtown Hilton.Then, you go down two blocks this way and turn left.You' ll find it on the right.
Well, I don't understand it very well.Will you draw me a map?

Excuse me, but could you tell me the way to the railway station?
The railway station? Just go down this street and turn left at the second corner. The station is at the end of that street.
How long will it take me to get there?
It's about a ten-minute walk.
That's very clear. I think I can find my way now. Thank you.
Not at all.

How does the political system work in your country?
We have hundreds of constituencies and the voters in each one elect a member of parliament. Most people call them mp’s.
Each mp belongs to a political party, right?
Almost all of them do. A few are independent. That means that they do not belong to a party.
If one party more than half of the mp’s. they form a government. That means that they choose a prime Finist
What’s a cabinet?
This is a small group of people-perhaps 25 mp’s who are usually ministers. They make all the big decision and discuss laws and policy.
Can any mp make a law?
Any mp can present a law to parliament. The proposed law is debated and voted on. If it is accepted, it becomes law.
I suppose a proposed a law needs the support of the big political parties.
Yes, it does, because they have most of the mp’s. most mp’s vote the way their party wants them to.
How do people choose which party or candidate to vote for?
They produce manifesto. These documents which states their policies. Some people just vote for the same party every time there is an election. Voters who often change the party they vote for are Calle

How was your interview?
Pretty good. The HR manager asked me the usual questions. Then he wondered why I had decided to leave my previous job.
What did you say?
I told him that I hadn’t got a raise for three years. I also told him that one of my best co-workers quitted her job because she had not been promoted for eight years.
Did he want to know the reasons?
Yes. I told him that my boss made some excuses of the recession. But I thought he had a pattern and a record of promoting men only. That’s sex discrimination.
When will you get the reply?
In a couple of days, I was told.
Wish you good luck?!
Thank you.

What qualities do you think a senior executive should possess?
Generally speaking, he needs creativity, the ability to communicate, sense of personal responsibilities, the ability to solve problems and so on.
Do you have all these qualities?
Yes, I have all of them. I am totally competent to be a senior executive.

Hi. I need more amenities, please.
Could you be a little more specific, sir?
Well, to be more specific, the free stuff, like soap, lotion, and shampoo.
I understand. Now, you're saying that you've already used up all your amenities?
Oh, no?! I've got all I need for my stay here.
So, what's the problem?
I need souvenirs?!
You want some souvenirs?!
Yes, yes. Souvenirs.
But, sir, our souvenir shop carries all those items.
That's not the same thing. If you buy hotel souvenirs, they have no sentimental value.
I understand, sir. I'll call housekeeping. You'll have your souvenirs shortly.

Hello, may I help you?
Yes.We' re interested in seeing the rooms for rent.
Oh, how nice.They' re bright rooms and the house is very quiet.
A nice quiet house is exactly what we're looking for.
Well, gentleman.Each room is $ 40 a week if you think that's OK.
That sounds just wonderful to us. When do you want to move in?
How about this afternoon?
Fine. I'll be expecting you around two.

Are you ready to order? May I suggest a veal?
No, I'll have the fish please.
The chicken is also nice.
No, I want the fish.
Our special tonight is lobster.
Thank you, but I prefer the fish.
Perhaps you'd enjoy the lamb.
No, I like the fish.
What ever you say?

Am I ever hungry? When will supper be ready?
It's almost ready. Can you set the table?
All right. Want to taste this dish?
Yeah. Oh, it's delicious?! Really?
Definitely. It's a wonderful meal.
Thank you, Honey. If you like to help me do the dishes, I'll be more dreadful.
I wish I could, but I won't.

Good morning, Kate. Long time no see.
Good morning, Vera, Nice to meet you.
Kate, I know you’Ve been a stewardess for more than one year. And I’ll have an interview on stewardess tomorrow. Can you tell me some etiquette about the interview?
Of course. First you should do up your long hair and do make up but not too thick.
Is there anything else I should pay attention to?
Yes, when you attend the interview, you should pay attention to your manner, style of conversation and expression. You should keep smiling always, being polite when you talk with the interviewer. Don't move from time to time when you sit there. And you also should know how to use eye contact.
Thank you, I've learned so much from you.
That’s all right. Hope you can do better tomorrow.

Can you fix me a cup of tea, Johnny?
Well... uh... how about a glass of juice instead?
No. I'd like tea. Can you put it in my favorite cup? You probably washed it...
Oh, yeah. Well, uh, about your mug... I'll find it...
Where are all the floral pattern plates? And dad's Yankee's mug?

Good morning, sir. May I help you?
Yes, I'd like to settle my bill.
Certainly sir. May I have your room key, please?
Sure. Here you are.
Just a moment, please. I'll draw up your bill for you... Thank you for waiting, sir. Your bill totals two thousand six hundred and fifty-eight yuan, including the phone and laundry.
That much?! Would you mind letting me have a look at it?
Not at all, sir. Here you are.
Thanks. Well, It seems to be right. How much is that in dollars, please?
Just a moment, sir. I'll calculate that for you. It comes to 305 dollars and 52 cents at today's exchange rate.
I see. OK. How would you like to make the payment?
In cash, please.
Here you are.
Thank you, sir... Here is your change. Could you check it, please? Thank you for choosing our hotel. I hope you enjoyed your stay.
By the way, please forward my mail to this address.
Certainly, sir. We hope you have a good trip.

Hi, Sam. I want to buy a pet. Do you have any ideas?
You really should go to Rachel's pet store.
why? anything special there?
it's more than special. You can find as many kinds of animals as you can put a name to and more.
Oh, really? are there any snakes?
snakes? there are even rodents and monkeys?! it's a world of exotic pets.
that's terrific. I can't wait to check it out.
Hang on. are you sure you want to keep a non-traditional pet?
why not? it's so cool.
but it will pose a risk to your health.
pardon?
i mean, most reptiles carry some harmful bacteria. they are likely to cause immune system problems.
well, I didn't realize that. I don't believe it's a good choice to keep those pets, especially for families with young children.
oh, I should have thought of my brother's baby girl. Maybe I'll just have a dog instead of an exotic pet.
yes, good luck, Maria.

I’m a new student. My name’s Robert. Nice to meet you.
My name’s Sophie. Are you French?
Yes, I’m. Are you French, too?
No, I’m not. What nationality are you?
I’m Italian. Are you a teacher?
No, I’m not. What’s your job?
I’m a keyboard operator. What’s your job?
I’m an engineer.

I can’t believe Obama is our President.
I am proud to know that he is our President.
You voted for him, right?
Did you vote for him, because I know that I did.
I did, too. I have nothing but faith in Obama.
Really? I’m sure he will help better America.
We do need some change in this country.
Our country is already changing as it is.
You’re absolutely right. I trust that he will take good care of our country.

Do you have a reservation, sir?
No, I’m afraid we don’t.
I’m sorry the restaurant is full now. You have to wait for about half an hour. Would you like to have a drink at the lounge until there’s a table available.
No, thanks, I’ll come back later. May I reserve a table for two?
Yes, of course. May I have your name, sir?
Bruce
By the way, can we have a table by the window?
we’ll try to arrange it, but I can’t guarantee sir.
That’s fine.
your table's ready, sir? Please step this way.

Do you have coffee shops in China, too?
Yes, of course. There are many tea houses and bars in China, too. People can drink, eat and relax at these places.
You like to go to these places, don’t you?
Yes, sometimes the music there is so beautiful. It is very romantic. I can stay there for hours.
Do you often go there alone?
No, I often go there with my friends.

Hi there?! I am looking for a new car. I have this old Ford Pinto that I would like to trade in.
I see. You are in luck this month because all of our models are on sale?! it is a perfect time to buy a new car since it’s the end of the year.
Perfect?!
I like this one.
That is the Ford Focus. A very light but powerful vehicle. It comes with dual side airbags, power steering and power windows, tinted windows and your choice of either automatic or manual transmission.
Sounds like a good car?! How many miles to the gallon?
It is a very fuel efficient vehicle giving you about 34 miles in the city and 40 on the highway.
That is really convenient. Especially now that fuel prices are so high?!
What’s under the hood?
A very powerful 2.5- liter turbocharged engine, Trust me, this car is fast?!
Now for the most difficult question. What is the price tag for this lovely vehicle?
Very affordable mam. You can take it out of this lot today with 0 % down payment and no interest for the first year?! You can test drive it now and we can sign the papers when we get back.
Great?! Let’s do it?!

I wonder if you could help me, I'm looking for a room.
Well, I have got a vacancy.
What sort of price are you asking?
Eight dolls fifty a week excluding laundry.
Would it be convenient to see the room?
Can you call back later? We're right in the middle of lunch.

Could you give me an expense report? I would like to attach the invoices for my phone bill this season.
Here you are. Do you need glue?
That is very kind of you. I’m just running out of glue.
You’re welcome.

IBA, Jane speaking. How can I help you?
Hello. I'd like to speak to someone regarding my card.
Sorry, I'm not quite sure if I understand. In what way, Sir? Has your card been stolen?
No, no. Nothing at all like that. It's just that I applied for a credit card with you a while ago, my application was accepted, but I'm still waiting for my card.
Oh, I see, Sir. Well, it does take 5 working days to issue and post the card.
Yes, my application was accepted last Friday. Now it's Wednesday, that's more than 5 days.
Sorry, Sir, but it's 5 working days. This does not include weekends, so your card should be with you later this week.
Of course?! How silly of me?! Yes, 5 working days would mean this Friday, at the earliest.
I see. I'm sorry to trouble you.
It's no trouble at all, Sir. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nothing, thanks. I again apologise for the misunderstanding, bye for now.

What can I do for you, sir?
We'd like to order breakfast for tomorrow morning.
Yes, sir. What would you like?
Orange juice, scrambled eggs, bacon, toast and coffee.
OK, and when shall I bring it here?
About seven thirty.By the way, could you also bring me tomorrow's papers?
Of course, sir.

What shall we do when we find a shortage in the shipment?
You should do one of the two things - either to lodge a claim with the shipowner or with the insurance company.
Shall we leave it to the brokers?
Yes. They usually do it. Do they charge for that?
Of course. In Europe, they charge a commission of 1 % of the amount of the claim for their service.
Is it the same in America?
They do the work without charge to the importer. It's part of their service, isn't it?
Exactly. Is it enough to claim with an on board bill of lading?
No, you must also obtain a statement from the shipping agent certifying that the goods were actually loaded on their vessel for shipment.
I see. By the way, how do we prove the ownership of our goods?
You must provide full original set of ocean bills of lading original insurance policy or certificate and the original commercia invoice.
I see. Thank you.
You are welcome.

I'll be on business for a couple of days, could you take care of your sister?
OK, Mum, when will you be back?
I'll be back in ten days.

Passport, please, madam.
Just a minute, please. It's in my bag. Here it is.
Thank you. Please fill out the Baggage Declaration Form.
All right. Shall I enter all my belongings?
No, only the articles listed on the Declaration.

I’m hungry, let’s go grab a bite to eat.
Yeah me too.
Oh?! Can we stop at the shop really fast? I lost my makeup bag at the airport and I want to pick up a few things.
Will you take long?
No?! Five minutes I promise?!
Come on?! We have been here for almost an hour?! I thought you said you were only going to get a few things?! How long does it take you to pick out a lipstick and some nail polish?!
Are you crazy? You have no idea what you are talking about?! Just for my eyes I have to get eye-liner, an eyelash curler, eye shadow, an eyebrow pencil and mascara. Then I need to get foundation, liquid foundation.
Whoa whoa whoa?! Are you nuts? How much is all this going to cost? I’m looking at the price at each one of these little things and it’s outrageous?! This is basically a crayon?!
What about you? You spend as much or more money on your razors, after shave, cologne and gel?! Not to mention how much you spend on clothes and...
Fine?! Get the stupid thirty dollar crayon?!

Can I borrow five bucks?
No?!
Come on?! I'll pay you back on Tuesday.
Last time I lent you money, you never paid me back.
I promise if you lend me five dollars today, I will repay you in full next week.
Ok, but I'm taking your skateboard as collateral.
Fine?! I can't believe you don't trust me.
It's nothing personal, just business.

May I help you, sir?
Yes, please. I'm looking for a cotton polo shirt.
Any particular colour?
Not really. How about this one?
I like the design, but don't particularly care for the colour. Do you have that in other colours, too?
Well, they come in white, pale yellow, aqua, red and green. Will a white one do?
Yes. I prefer white - and may I see a pale yellow one, too?
Why, of course. Let's see... White... Pale yellow. Here you are, sir.

I’m so surprised to meet you in this remote village. Long time no see.
Yeah. How are you these days?

You look terrific and in good shape.
Thank you. How do you keep fit?
I do yoga twice a weeks
Yoga? It sounds interesting.
It was hard at the beginning, but now feel it's really relaxing. It makes me flexible.
Anything else?
Yes, I often go swimming. Are you interested in swimming?
Yes, I like it very much.

Are you going home now?
No, I'm not. What are you going to do? Are you going to work late?
No, I'm not. I'm going to look for an apartment.
An apartment? Why?
I'm going to try to find a place near the office.
Where are you living now?
Out in the suburbs. It's a long trip to work every day.
How are you going to find an apartment?
I'm going to buy a newspaper and check the classified ads.
Apartments in the city are expensive.
I know, but I'm going to enroll in a night school to take a course in business management.

no, no, you helped me with my computer last week. I want to repay the favor.
no, it's definitely my turn to treat you... you paid last time?!
oh, that was just a quick bite to eat---that doesn't count?!
ok, ok, how about we just go Dutch?
It's settled.
Listen, I'm still pretty new around here, would it be alright if you found the restaurant?
ok... sure.

I am waiting for a fax but just now I found there’s something wrong with the fax machine.
What’s wrong with the fax machine? Is it urgent?
Yes, very urgent. And there is no other fax machine around. And the office of our boss is closed, so I can not use his machine either. And his secretary is out. Do you have any suggestion?
Either call this extension number 0085 or ask them to send the fax to you as e-mail, you print it out.

Hey, Jim. It's time to wake up and get out of bed.
Do I have to get up now?
You'd better get up, or you'll be late.
What're you talking about? My alarm even hasn't gone off yet.
Yes, it did. It went off thirty minutes ago. You slept right through it. You're like a dead person while you sleep.
I must have slept right through it.
Rise and shine?! Sleepyhead?!
Just let me sleep five more minutes.
The early bird gets the worm.
I know, I know. But I don't want any worms. Ha?! Ha?!
If you don't make an effort now, later on it'll be a lot tougher for you.

What shall we do tonight?
How about the cinema?
That's a good idea. We haven't seen a film for ages. What would you like to see?
Oh I don't know. Titanic?
Titanic? That old film? but I've seen it before?!

I’Ve been told you might have a vacant room.
Yes. I have a spare room.
How much are you asking?
10.00 dollars a night.
Could I see the room, please?
Sure.Come on in.

Sit down, please. What's wrong with you?
I feel cold, and I'm shivering. I have a terrible headache and a sore throat.
How long have you been like that?
About a day.
Let me have a look at your throat first. Please open your mouth and say " ah ".
Ah... And show me your tongue... Thank you. That'll do. You have slight tonsillitis, and your throat is inflamed. How is your appetite?
Not so good. Now, let me take your temperature. Please put this thermometer under your armpit and let me feel your pulse? Your pulse is weak.
Do I have a temperature, doctor?
Yes, you have a high fever. I'd like to give you a blood test.

Yikes?! What was that noise?
I had to blow my nose.
Did you have to blow right next to the phone? Did you hear that?
Of course I heard that. I thought a plane had crashed into your house.
It wasn't that loud.
I will blow my nose sometime for you, and you'll see.
Okay. I'll take your word for it. I thought you had an elephant in your house.
You're funny.
What did you say? I think I've gone deaf.
I'm going into the bathroom to blow my nose. I'll be right back.

Can I have the check please?
Right away, sir.
Is this amount correct?
Yes, sir, it is.
Thank you, the service was good
Please come again.

Nowadays fewer and fewer people go to the movie theaters to see films. So I am afraid that the film studios are really getting hard time to survive.
What you said is true. But the film producers there are more flexible ways to get more audience. For example, to make more movie Ccds, so people will spend money buying them. But it is true that cinemas are losing the attraction they used to have in the past.
Yes. Take myself for example. I seldom go to cinemas, but it doesn't mean I no longer see films ; instead, I see films at home-watching Ccds.

Okay, well I’m sure you have a number of questions to ask me regarding the position.
Yes, well Miss Childs did give mean overview of the position over the phone, but there were some details I’d like to clarify.
Well feel free to ask me anything, and I’ll try to fill in the details. Could I first ask about the remuneration package?
Yes, of course. That’s quite an important point, isn’t it? As a junior sub editor we offer a starting salary of 150,000 HK dollars per annum. This doesn’t include a generous housing allowance also.
I understand. And are there other bonuses included?
Well, apart from full health insurance we do offer a company staff bonus scheme linked to readership numbers. But we could go through all the details of that at a later date.
Well, Mr. Parsons, I am flexible when it comes to salary. The opportunity to work in Hong Kong for you is the most important thing for me.
Excellent. Well, what other questions do you have Rebecca?

We need to take the accounts system offline to carry out the upgrade. But don't worry, it won't cause too much inconvenience. We're going to do it over the weekend.
How long will the system be down for?
We'll be taking everything offline in about two hours' time. It'll be down for a minimum of twelve hours. If everything goes according to plan, it should be up again by 6 pm on Saturday.
That's fine. We've allowed forty-eight hours to be on the safe side.

Welcome to IBA. Can I help you?
Yes, please. I'm here for an International Settlement. Our company has to effect payment, and it needs to be done today. Here's the advice slip for the payment.
Thanks. I'm sorry to say that you need to get this stamped. There is no stamp on this slip and it is essential before I can process it for you.
I see. So, I need to stamp it. And sign it too?
Yes, that's right. Down here, at the bottom right hand corner to show that you agree to pay the printed amount.
I'll go back to the office and get it sorted and pop back later.
Thanks, bye for now.

That's the warehouse where the large items of office equipment are stored. If I ordered a desk today, how would it be before I got delivery in Scotland?
Well, I think perhaps you'd better speak to our Production Manager, Mr. Yao. You'll meet him when we go over to the factory.

Excuse me. I have just missed the connection plane due to the heavy fog in London. Can I change my ticket now?
Please Show your ticket and passport.
Here you are.
Which flight do you want to change?
The next one to my destination. I have to be there as soon as possible.

Hi, can I speak with the apartment manager, please?
Hello, this is the apartment manager speaking.
I'm calling about the apartment for rent on Main Street.
Would you be interested in seeing the apartment?
I would love to see it.
Are you free today at around 6 p. m.?
Yes, I will be able to make it then.
Well, I'll see you at 6 p. m. Do you know how to get there?
I used to live in that area.
I'll give you an application form when I see you.
That sounds good. Do I need to bring anything?
No. Just bring yourself.

Good afternoon. Welcome to China. May I see your passport, customs and health declaration form?
Yes, here you are.
Thank you. W hat's your occupation, Mr. Smith?
I'm the general manager of the Far-East Industry Corporation. You are here on business, aren't you?
Yes, I have been invited by the East Import
I see. Do you have anything to declare?
Yes, I have some foreign currency to declare.
Would you please fill out this currency declaration form? It's a record of the foreign currency you have brought in.
All right.

How much does it cost for a bus pass?
It'll be $ 65 for a monthly pass.
Is there anything cheaper than that?
If you're in school, you can get a student pass.
Well, I am how much will that cost?
The pass is free.
I don't have to pay for anything?
You'll only have to pay for the monthly sticker.
How much is the monthly sticker?
It's $ 24 for each month.
I'll take the student bus pass.
Okay, I'll get you one.

I see there are some workmen on the site. When is the building work due to start?
Well, it'll take three weeks to demolish the old building and clear away the debris. We should be ready to start the construction work in week 23.
How long will the sub contractors be on site?
About ten weeks in total if everything goes according to plan.
I'm sure it will.
So, we should be able to start moving the machinery in during week 34.
I'll confirm that date with our suppliers.

Andrew's Hair Salon, this is Andrew.
Andrew, this is Linda Chen.
Hi Linda, what can I do for you?
I need to set up an appointment to get my hair fixed.
For what day?
Tuesday morning.

Have you bought a bus pass yet?
I'm not getting one.
Why is that?
It's cheaper if I don't buy one.
Buying a bus pass will save you money. How do you figure that?
There's no limit to how often you can use your bus pass.
Really? Plus, you don't have to use change for the bus anymore.
I like that.
You want to buy one now?
I'm going to.

Are you ready to order, sir?
Yes, I would like a roast duck and my friend wants steaks.
How do you like your steaks?
I'd like it medium-well.
OK, sir, wait a minute.

Hello, I want to know how much it costs to have a manicure and pedicure.
Usually it's 60 dollars for a manicure, and 80 dollars for a pedicure. But with this special discount, the total for both is only one hundred and 20 dollars, and you can get them painted.
That's nice. I'd like to give it a try. I think I like passion red. please.
Alright.Do you want your cuticles cut, too?
No. Would you like the shapes square or round?
Square. But with round at the edges, please.
All right, it's done. Please follow me to the drying section. How long will it take to get them dry?
Ten or about five minutes. You'll be all set.
I see, thank you.

Hello, this is Lucy. May I speak to Mr. Smith?
Oh, hello, Lucy. What's up?
I'm afraid I can't come to work today, Mr. Smith.
Oh, what's wrong with you?
I've got a fever and a very sore throat.
Well, you sound ill over the phone.
Yes. I have to stay in bed today, but I'll be able to come tomorrow.
That's all right. Have a good rest until you feel well enough.
Thank you, Mr. Smith. Goodbye.
Goodbye, Lucy.

Waiter, we have been waiting for 20 minutes. Would you mind hurrying?
I am sorry, sir, the fish you ordered will take a longer time because we make it with fresh fish.
That's fine. Would you please bring me some wine?
Sure, is dry white wine OK?
Yes.
Thank you.

Hi Bob, I won't be in work tomorrow.
Why, what's the problem?
I have a dentist appointment.
Okay.

I've come about your wools. According to our market survey, wools are likely to find a ready market in our country.
Wonderful?! We can meet your requirements and the offer is ready for you. Here it is. The unit price is USD 15.00 per kilogram.
Do you quote CIF or FOB?
It's FOB Shanghai. Could you quote the price of CIF Hamburg?
Certainly, that's easy. We will work out our CIF offer this evening. Could you come again tomorrow, say, at 10 AM?
Okay, see you tomorrow?!

Hi?! Do you want a fill-up?
Yes, please. Which type of gas do you want? Regular, Super, or Premium Unleaded?
What's the price difference?
Regular is $ 1.15, Super is $ 1.25 and Premium is $ 1.39.
Just fill it up with Regular, Unleaded, please. Do you want me to check the tires and the fluids?
Yes, I would. Thanks a lot.

Is your father in the habit of having naps?
Yes, all of us have naps.
Don't you feel dizzy when you have to get up?
No, not at all.

Excuse me. I need some storybooks in easy English. Do you have anything likethat?
Well, there are a lot of storybooks upstairs in our children's section. Some are written for young children, others for teens. Maybe some of them will suit your needs.
I'll go take a look. Thanks for your help.
You're welcome.

Good morning. I need to speak with the property manager, please.
Good morning. You are speaking to the property manager.
While it was raining last night, water started leaking in from the ceiling.
Was it leaking in the bedroom?
It was in the living room.
Can you tell me which floor you are on?
We are on the bottom floor.
I would like to look at the leak. Will you be home this morning?
Yes, someone will be here to let you in.
Just in case you have to leave, we will just use the master key.

How much is your last salary?
I have earned 10,000 a year including bonuses.
How much do you want us to pay you?
I like to be paid more than that. Hopefully, 150,000 a year.
To be honest, I left the company to get more income.

I hope you can help. I've got a bit of a problem with your ATM.
Of course, that's my job. Oh, dear. What's happened?
Well, it's eaten my card?! It won't give it back?!
I see... calm down, don't worry. May I ask what were you doing when it took your card?
Yes. I was only entering my PIN. I'm terrible at remembering it, I'm so forgetful, you see.
Mmmm... and exactly how many times did you enter it, please?
Maybe three times. As I said, I always forget it.
Ah?! Don't worry ; it's just a security measure. If someone uses a card and cannot get the right PIN after three attempts, the bank keeps the card in case it's stolen. Just contact the bank and we'll get it back to you.
Oh, I see. So if I call my branch they can sort everything out for me?
Yes, they'll be happy to help. Believe me, it happens to many people.
I'd better try harder to memorise my PIN in future. Thanks.

Is this the counter to pick up parcels?
Yes, it is. I want to pick up my parcels.
Please show me your parcel order.
OK. Here you are.
Let me check your parcel number. Song Ping's parcel number should be CP 06230221 5 CN.
Here is your parcel.
Thank you.
Not at all.

Hi Brittany. What are you doing with all of your clothes on your bed?
I'm trying to decide what to wear to school the first day.
Oh, A. Mom didn't tell you?
Didn't tell me what?
What? This Bs' school you're going to is going to make your life easy.
What are you talking about brother? Spill it.
Uniforms, sis, no more worrying about appearances?!
You mean I have to wear the same thing every day?
MOM?!

What would you like for your main dish?
Steak, please.
How would you like it?
Medium rare, please.
Anything else, sir? May I have a glass of red wine, please?
Of course.

Mr. Smith, do you like the hotel we booked?
Yes, we do. We like it very much.
I've come to make sure that your stay in Beijing is a pleasant one.
Thank you so much.

David, we have been doing business for three years, haven't we?
Yes, I'm glad we've had very pleasant cooperation in the previous years.
And your achievement for promoting our clothes was great in the three years. So, I wish to apply for the sole agency of your product in our local market. If you give us the agency, that will be more substantial for our cooperation.
To be frank, you are not the only one who applies for an agent for us in your country. I'd like to know some ideas of terms on which you would be willing to operate as our agent.
As we are a well-established company, we are very familiar with the customers' needs. Besides, we can make full use of our good connections with the wholesalers and retailers here and develop a good market for your products if appointed as your agent.
Sounds reasonable. I will tell my boss about you agent application. Another question, what do you think is the minimum annual sales you can guarantee?
To be on the safe side, and for garment of all materials, sizes, and styles, I think the amount will be 50,000 pieces a year.
Well. As our sole agency, you will neither handle the same or similar products of other origins nor re-export our goods to any other area outside your own.
No, certainly not.

Excuse me. I bought this circulator here yesterday but it doesn't work.
Oh, let's see what's wrong.

Where can I find the produce?
Aisle A is where you'll find all the produce.
What sales do they have today?
I'm sure something is on sale. Please check with the produce person.

Hello, this is Steven from Blue Sky Co. May I speak to Mr. James?
Speaking.
Excuse my troubling you. You purchased our products last year and now I am following up to find out about their workings. Are they still in good condition now?
Yeah, exactly?! I bought them last year. En... at present, they are still in good state.
That's it?! All of them have first-class quality and performance. Besides, we adopt advanced technology. Now we have developed new products. They are much better than what you have bought.
Your company is developing so fast. Maybe later on I will plan to buy more.
That's great?! Thanks for your support. If any, please remember to call us.
I am afraid I have to say goodbye now?!
Bye, Mr. James?!
Bye?!

Ms.Dawson, I need you to take a dictation for me.
Yes, sir... This should go out as an intra-office memorandum to all employees by this afternoon.Are you ready?
Yes, sir.Go ahead.
Attention all staff... Effective immediately, all office communications are restricted to email correspondence and official memos.The use of Instant Message programs by employees during working hours is strictly prohibited.
Sir, does this apply to intra-office communications only? Or will it also restrict external communications?
It should apply to all communications, not only in this office between employees, but also any outside communications.
But sir, many employees use Instant Messaging to communicate with their clients.
They will just have to change their communication methods. I don't want any - one using Instant Messaging in this office.It wastes too much time?! Now, please continue with the memo.Where were we?
This applies to internal and external communications.
Yes.Any employee who persists in using Instant Messaging will first receive a warning and be placed on probation.At second offense, the employee will face termination.Any questions regarding this new policy may be directed to department heads. Is that all?
Yes.Please get this memo typed up and distributed to all employees before 4 pm.

Do you have everything?
Let's see... my ID card, my passport, and my suitcase. I'm pretty sure I've got everything.

This is Dunlin. Is this Mrs Smith speaking?
Yes, what can I do for you?
I just want to call and say thank you for letting me interview yesterday.
You are welcome, Mr. Sun.
And I also want to know what the status is of the position.
Sorry, we haven't made the decision at all. But we should be making the decision by the end of this week. And we'll get in touch with you once we make it.
Do you have any questions we didn't cover in the interview?
No. Thank you, I am looking forward to hearing from you. Bye-bye.
Thank you for the calling. Bye-bye.

I often sneeze after having a bad itch inside my nose. Sometimes this is accompanied by an itching throat.
Any other discomfort?
Yes. Sometimes I can notice a constriction in the chest and shortness of breath after a fit of sneezing. And I often suffer from a running nose with a profuse watery discharge.
Does it occur seasonally or all year round?
It has been seasonal during these past three years.
Are you sensitive to other things?
Yes, things like seafood and penicillin-type drugs.
OK. Let me examine your nose. According to your case history and the examination, I believe that it's allergic rhinitis.
What useful treatment can you offer?
I'll give you a series of specific skin tests. Then we'll know exactly what substances you're allergic to. Then I'll give you some causes of desensitization therapy.

Miss, would you like to try this free sample of our new suntan cream?
Sure, why not?
This is a new product of company this year. It's oil-free.
I see. It feels very light on the skin.
It gives your skin a very natural healthy look. I like the cool smell, too.

So how can I make it?
First you make a list of what you wanna buy...
But I’Ve gotta have the budge before anything else.
Well, that’s a problem, isn’t it?

Did you have a part-time job when you were still in school?
No, I was way too busy studying all the time. How about you?
Yeah, I worked about twenty hours a week in a pizza restaurant.
What was that like?
It was always very busy there. What did you do?
I stood behind the register and took pizza orders.
Did you get any perks on the job?
Yeah, I got to eat as much pizza as I could for free.

Okay. I'd like to change some euro into US dollars, please.
Sure. How much would you like to change?
Six hundred euro.
Very good. May I see your passport?
Here you are.
How would you like your bills?
In fifties please.

Why are you reading the classifieds? What do you need?
I'm looking for a bookcase, but I don't want to buy a new one.
Are you having any luck?
Not really. There aren't any used bookcases listed. But there are a few rummage sales on Saturday. I think I'll go to them.
Do you mind if I go with you?
Not at all. These private sales are great places to bargain. And sometimes you can find terrific things among all the junk.
I learned to negotiate from my mother. I thought I was pretty good at bargaining, but I had a problem the other day at Kimble's Department Store.
What happened?
I wanted to buy a beautiful wool sweater for my girlfriend. It was priced at forty dollars, so I started by offering the salesclerk thirty.

Do you do a lot of your shopping online?
Not really. I like looking on the internet at what’s available, but I usually prefer to actually see and touch what I’m buying before I pay for it. Sometimes, I’ll look at something in a shop, but lat No. I’m a little worried about security. You never know who’s trying to find out your codes and passwords. Aren’t you worry about that?
Not really. I know that it happens, but if you buy from reputable companies with secure websites, you should be ok.
Even though I use online shopping facilities, I don’t think it’s the best way to sho
I’m surprised to hear you say that. I thought you loved anything technological.
I do. I’m a big fan of using new technology, but I don’t want to sit in front of a computer screen all day. I think people need to get out and interact with other people. So, how about coming to the department store with me? I want to see if there are any new summer clothes on sale yet.
Sure. I’d love to join you. Can we stop by the computer store? I just want to see if they have something.
Sure. While you’re in the computer store. I will visit the book store opposite. I like to browse through their books and see if they have anything interesting.
Ok. I’Ve finished online. Let’s go.
I’ll just get some money and my credit card.
Thanks for reminding me. I had forgotten to get mine.

Please help yourself at your dishes. I hope you’ll enjoy what you’Ve got.
It suits my taste. You are really a good cook.
Would you like to try my special recipe?
Wow, let me try. It tastes nice.
How did you make it?
It’s as easy as pie. I always follow recipes.

Mr. Dick. Does the recommendation of the university play an important role?
Yes. In fact, the recommendation letter written by the university is an indirect self-recommendation. In the long period of cooperation, the university has established good relationship with the companies or organizations, they trust each other well. If your university recommends you, you can be approved more easily.
But I find that most of the recommendation letters written by universities are the same. So I doubt its authority.
More and more persons have the same discoveries since most universities do that in order to save energy. If your university also does like this, you can look for other methods, because such kinds of recommendations say nothing for you. Could you tell me whether or not I send out my resume with it?
It depends. If it has something special or useful, I suggest you send it out.

Taylor, can you tell me how to apply for a job on the Internet?
Just fill out an application. Do I have to send an E-mail?
You are expected to know the E-mail address of the unit.
But I still don't know which unit is in need of staff. Send out an application through Job-wanted on the website.
Can any unit see my information?
It's a two-way choice. And your application will be read.
Which websites offer this service?
Sina, 21st Century Talent Net, and a few others.
Thank you.

Don’t throw your weight around. I can’t bear you any more.
I dare you to say that again.

Were you a leader when you were in college?
Yes. I was Propaganda department minister of our university.
Did you get any honors or awards at your university?
No. It’s a pity about it. Were you involved in any club activities at your university?
Yes. I was a member of the basketball Society. I like playing basketball.
What extracurricular activities did you usually take part in at your college?
I sometimes played basketball and sometimes played football.

You want to argue your ticket today?
Yes. That is why I'm here.
Tell me your argument.
I was pulled over for allegedly speeding.
Are you sure you weren't speeding?
To be honest, I really wasn't. What speed were you going?
I was under the speed limit. I was going 35, when the speed limit was 40.
I'm just going to let you go, since the arresting officer isn't here.
What about my ticket? Do I still need to pay?
Don't worry about it.
I'm so glad for your help.

Annie, do you like shopping online?
Yes, I like it, because it's convenient. Last week, I tried to buy a new cellphone online, but I didn't know how to pay for it.
First, you should open an account at the online bank. After that, you can buy anything you want online.
Are there many things online?
Sure. You can find everything all over the world. Let's check it out online?!
( They log in a shopping website. ) That's amazing. Oh, an on line virtual supermarket? Let's click to check it out. Oh, I got it. It simulates the real supermarket, which makes it feel so real.
Mom will love it. She loves shopping in supermarkets.

Ah, Bob. Just the person I wanted to see.
So what is it?
You gotta help me out this time, buddy.
Another tough thing, I guess.

Hey?! What happened??! My song was only half way through and it skipped to the next song.
I don't know what happened?! You cancelled the song, didn't you, Jack?
No, I didn't.
Really?! Then, is the machine broken or...

Good evening, Do you have a reservation?
Yes. The reservation under Mr. Watson.
Ah, yes, a table for four at 8 Em, no, thanks. I think we'll go straight to the table, By the way. may I check my overcoat here?
Certainly, sir. We'll keep it in the cloakroom for you. Here is your number. When you leave, show it to the waiter behind the counter, please.
Thank you. Could you show us to our table now? Would you please follow me, please?
Thank you. This is your table. It's Number 10.

Hello, ma’am. Can I help you? I’m looking for a sweater.
What size are you looking for?
Well, I’m looking for size 10 but you don’t have it.
How about this one? I think it looks terrific on you.
Yes, I like the color. Can I try it on?
Sure. The fitting room is on your right.
It fits well. I like it a lot. What do you think?
You look pretty in red.
Oh, it’s my favorite. How much is it?
$ 29.99.
Okay. I’ll take it. Thank you very much for your help.
You’re welcome.

Do you have any cars available?
We have only one mid-size car left.
Great, what's the rate per day?
It's 40 $ plus tax per day on limited mileage.
I'm going to need it for three days. Can I see your driver's license?
Sure, here is my driver's license.
Please sign here.

Are you ready to order? I think that we have a pretty good idea of what we would like to order.
Let me tell you about the specials of the day, which are chicken in a wine sauce with capers, and grilled garlic shrimp.
I was wondering if the chef could leave off the sauce.
The chef would be happy to accommodate your special requests.
I am a vegetarian. Do you have any vegetarian selections?
You could choose the roasted vegetable and garlic pizza or the goat cheese and candied walnut salad.
I think that we will split the roasted vegetable and garlic pizza.
That is a good selection, and I can bring your salads now or serve them with your entree.
You can bring us our salads when you bring us our entree.

I can't open this email attachment our Paris office has sent me. Are you sure you're using the right program?
Well, yes it's definitely the same program but I might have the wrong version. Their system is newer than ours.
That's why you can't open it. You'll have to upgrade before you can read the file.

What kind of character do you think you have?
Generally speaking, l am an open-minded person.
What is your strongest trait?
Cheerfulness and friendliness.
How would your friends or colleagues describe you?
They say Mr. Sun is a friendly, sensitive, caring and determined person.
What personality do you admire?
I admire a person who is honest, flexible and easy-going.
How do you get along with others?
I get on well with others.

Hi, I need to make an appointment to see the doctor.
What seems to be the problem?
I have a rash that I need a doctor to look at.
Do you have a fever with that rash?
No, it just itches a lot.
I have openings on Tuesday or Wednesday. Which would be best for you?
I need an appointment on Tuesday.
Fine, I am putting you down for 9
I would like to see Dr. Jones.
I can schedule you with him with no problem.
We look forward to seeing you.

Wow?! What's the hold up?
It’s probably just people trying to get an early start out of the city for the weekend. Nobody sticks around in the summer.
Really? Then, I guess I won’t have a hard time finding a room or getting a cab?
Actually, you might because there’s a big convention in town this weekend.
I’m not too worried about it. I always seem to find something.

Hello, how can I help you today?
I'd like to withdraw some money from my account.
Please fill out this slip stating how much you wish to withdraw.
Well, actually, it's quite a substantial amount. Here's my Bank Book. Will that cause a problem?
On your account there is no limit to over the counter withdrawals, it won't cause a problem.
Here's your money, 10,000 RIB. Please count it before you leave.
Yes, that seems to be all in order. Thanks very much.

Quality is very important to us. We work to very low tolerance levels. We need to have guaranteed supplies of consistently high quality raw materials. Over the years we've built up very good relationships with our suppliers.
Do you have many different suppliers?
Yes. There are about fifty names on our approved supplier list, but for raw materials we tend to deal with three local companies.

Mary, can you tell me how you keep in shape?
You'll never be in shape until you eat less and take more exercise. Now, tell me what you often eat.
I often eat fish and eggs. Do you eat a lot of vegetables?
Oh yes, and fruits. I love fruits very much.
What do you like to drink?
Well, I never drink alcohol, coffee or tea. Whatever would you like to drink?
I drink a lot of milk. I drink milk almost every day. How often do you exercise?
Well, I walk every day. It's a good diet and a regular exercise.
Yes, quite right.

I am sorry, but I cannot stay for the rest of class today.
Why do you need to leave early?
I don’t feel so good. What doesn’t feel right?
I feel as if I am going to be sick to my stomach.
Perhaps you should get checked out at the Student Health Center before you go home.
I have some medicine at home that I could take.
Are you going to be OK to drive home, or would you like someone to go with you?
Thank you, but my friend is in the library, and he can give me a ride home.
We hope that you are feeling better soon. E-mail me if you have any questions.

Your boyfriend is so considerate to you. When do you plan to marry?
It’s still up in the air. There is something wrong between us.

We're considering of ordering 200 computers, but I'm wondering about the price you'll possibly offer.
Our price will be not less than $ 5000.
Your price is higher than I expected. Could you give us a little discount?
This is already our best price. But the price is always negotiable and you should consider our quantity of order.
Well, what would you suggest? Could you make it $ 4500?
I'm afraid that there is no room to negotiate the price. This is the best price we can quote.
Can we meet each other half way?
What do you mean? Let's close the deal at $ 4800, OK?
You drive a hard bargain?! OK, that's a deal.

I'm now on the Songshan airport getting ready for departure. I realized that I might have left my watch.
Yes, Ma'am. May I have your name and room number?
My name is Terry. I stayed last night in your hotel in room 132. What kind of watch is it?
It's a brand-new Seiko wrist watch.
Yes, we have it.
Oh, I'm glad to hear that. Would you kindly send it to the Hilton Hotel?

What are your thoughts on the apartment?
I think that it’s absolutely gorgeous.
There aren’t any problems with the apartment?
I think that the apartment looks very nice, but I do see some problems.
What problems?
I did notice a few stains in the carpet.
We will have the carpet cleaned before you move in.
You will?
Yes, but other than that, are there any more problems?
That was the only thing that I saw that was wrong with the apartment.
I’m happy that you find this apartment so appealing.
It is. I love it.

That China-gown of Tang-Dynasty style is so beautiful. Would you show it to me, please?
Absolutely. Here it is.
Could I try it on?
Please do, the fitting-room is over there.
It feels a little tight around the waist. Do you have a bigger one?
I'm sorry. We don't have this color in your size. We have some green ones in your size. Would you please have a look at this green one?
OK. How much does it cost?
It's 486 yuan.
Mmm, it is reasonable.

Mrs. Wang, would you give us an idea of the price you regard as workable?
As I said before, your price is so high that we find it difficult to make a bid. We hope you will take the initiative and bridge the gap.
Just to comply, we're ready to reduce the price by 5 percent. I hope this concession of ours will get the ball rolling.
So do we. Certainly it's a step forward on your side. But the gap is still too wide.
The ball is in your court, Mrs.Wang. What price would you suggest?
To make your offer workable, I think you should take another step down as big as the one you've just taken.
That won't do. You see, our profit margin is very narrow. It simply can't stand such a big cut.
I hate to disappoint you, Mr. Brown, but if that's the case, we have no alternative but to cover our requirements elsewhere.
Do think it over, please. We sincerely hope our discussion will come to a successful conclusion.
Well, I'm not authorized to agree to such a big reduction. Would you mind waiting a day or two, until I get a reply from the home office?
Not at all. Shall we meet again, say, on Friday morning?
Good. Friday morning at 9.

Good morning. Good morning.This is Mary.Can I speak to Anne please?
I’m sorry She isn’t in at the moment. She will come back at half past nineCan I take a message for her?
Thank you.But I will call her later
OK.Goodbye.
Goodbye.

Hi, Jane. How are you doing this morning?
I’m all right, thanks. Just a little tired.
Late night?
Yeah, I got home around two.

We've been waiting here for nearly ten minutes now, and there still isn't a bus in sight. I'm afraid we'll be late for the party. Have you got the time, Tom?
Yes, my watch says a quarter to seven. but there is something wrong with my watch?!
But you bought it only last month.
Yes, but ever since I bought it, it gains about five minutes a day, so I' Ve got to have it repaired.
How long will it take us to get there?
I think about ten minutes by bus.
It's not far away, then. Let's walk, it's beginning to rain.
Wait?! I think I see a bus coming now.
Let's hope it's the No. 22 bus.

Hi, Mr. Smith. I'm Doctor Hawkins. Why are you here today?
I found it would be a good idea to get a check-up.
Yes, well, you haven't had one for 5 years. You should have one every year.
I know. I figure as long as there is nothing wrong, why go see the doctor?
Well, the best way to avoid serious illnesses is to find out about them early. So try to come at least once a year for your own good.
Ok. Let me see here. Your eyes and ears look fine. Take a deep breath, please. Do you smoke, Mr. Smith?
Yes.
Smoking is the leading cause of lung cancer and heart disease, you know. You really should quit.
I've tried hundreds of times, but I just can't seem to kick the habit.
Well, we have classes and some medications that might help. I'll give you more information before you leave.
Ok, thanks doctor.

Good afternoon. Mr. Tylor's office?
I'm afraid you've got the wrong extension.
I'm sorry, but could you please transfer this call to Mr. Tylor's office?
Sure, please hold on.
Thank you. Now Mr. Tylor's on the line. Go ahead, please.
You are so kind, you helped me a lot.
You are welcome. Bye?!

Good afternoon, Lexington Software. Angelina Dawson, how can I help?
Hello, this is Quinn from IBA.
Ah, hello Quinn. Oh dear, you are calling to tell me there is a problem, aren't you?
I'm afraid so, yes.
Hmm... well, it was my first attempt?! Is it a very big mistake, or can we just alter it?
Unfortunately it's rather a big mistake.
What do you recommend we do?
I would recommend we scrap this one and you bring in another set as soon as possible.
I trust your judgement. Thank you, Quinn. I'll be back tomorrow with a new set. Bye for now.

Oh?!?!?! I have a horrible toothache.
You should go to the dentist.
I hate dentists.
Well, suffer then. If you have a toothache, you have to go to the dentist. It always hurts.
I hate going.
Stop being such a baby. If it really hurts that much, just let them knock you out.
O. K., O. K., I’ll go.
Good. You'll feel better after you do.

Hi, I would like to purchase a one way ticket to Brussels, please.
Certainly sir, this is our train schedule. We have an express train departing every morning and an overnight train that departs at nine pm.
How long does it take to get there?
About twelve hours. We currently have tickets available only for first class on the express train. If you’d like, you can choose a sleeper on the overnight train which is a bit less expensive.
Yeah, I think that is the best option. Do you serve food on the train? Twelve hours is such a long time?!
Yes, of course. There is a dining car towards the front of the train where they serve meals at all times. We do provide complimentary water and coffee for all of our passengers.
Great?! I’ll take it. Here you are sir. Your train leaves from platform number nine at nine on the dot. Remember to be here at least thirty minutes before your scheduled departure time or else you might miss your train?!
I understand. Thank you very much?! Have a great trip.

I would like to take a trip to the beach this weekend.
A trip to the beach would be fun. How is the weather going to be?
The forecast says that it will be warm on the weekend.
So do you think it'll be perfect weather for the beach?
It sounds like it will be. I really hope it doesn't get cold. That would ruin things, I want to go so badly.
The weather in California is unpredictable, so you never know.
That is true. The weather is constantly changing. It would be nice if the weather would never change.
That would be great, then we could plan things sooner. True.
Predictable weather would make life easier.

Some companies use to ban dating among employees, but now they have realized it is something in avertable. People spend so much time at work. It is not surprising for one to have a crash on the other. If we think positively, office love can be beneficial to company.
Beneficial? I don’t think so. If two employees get married, they will leave at the same time for a honeymoon, or later one of them will stay at home taking care of babies. If they break up, the company will probably have to relocate one of them to make the workplace more comfortable. By any means, the company must spare extra efforts to solve problems brought by an office dating.
But if two employees are in love, they will be happy. Happy people are more productive. If they develop an intimate relation with each other, they are willing to share knowledge and experience. It can help to improve work efficiency.
I doubt that.

Do you eat a lot of healthy food?
Compared with healthy food, unhealthy food just tastes so much better. And anyway, I believe if you live a low stress Life and are active, you can get away with eating whatever you like. It's all in the mind.
You have the point. I think cancer is caused by more worry than by the things we consume. Some good things you should try are cranberry juice, wild rice and yoghurt.
What's special about these things?
Cranberry juice is very good for destroying harmful bacteria in your guts because it's very acidic. Wild rice is high in fibre so it's good for your guts and it's high in protein and minerals-I think it's also tastier than normal rice. Yoghurt's good because it's also rich in protein, vitamins and is also acidic. People have been making yoghurt for thousands of years and if you have it every day, your guts will be much more settled.
Thanks. I'm going to follow your advice and pop down to the supermarket right now.

I've been so tired recently. I've been trying, but I don't think I'm up to this job.
You need to take a break, maybe a vacation. Oh, yes, indeed. I've run out of steam.
To be honest, I want to be in a different environment.
Is that so?
Yes, I don't want to be stuck in a rut. I want to move on.
Have you decided?
Yes. I want to get a better job.
Could you tell me why you want to quit?
I quit just because of the dissatisfying salary and the trouble in getting along with my colleagues.
Oh, that's terrible. Do you want to get a higher salary in our company?
I'm afraid not. I've promised my girlfriend. We'll travel southwards to find a job that offers higher pay.
OK, I'd like to say that I've really enjoyed working with you. However, I think you should work harder for your new job and then you can ask for higher pay.
Thank you so much for your advice. And every best wish for your new job.
Thank you.

The train is leaving. Hurry up?! Which car are we in?
Let me see. Oh, No. 11. Here we are, Car 11. Let's get in.
Seats No. 20 and 21. It’s nice that we’Ve got a window seat.
Let's put our suitcases on the rack.
Oh, the baggage rack is full. Put them under the seat for the time being.
All right.

So, how should we get to the theatre? Let's take the bus.
I hate the bus system in London?! The bus drivers are rude, the buses are never on time, and there are few people around who can help you.
It's not that bad. You probably just had a bad experience once.
It wasn't just once. Every single time I take the bus, something bad happens to me or to someone else on the bus.
We could take the subway, but we'd have to go three stops along one line and then change trains twice. Train fares are twice as expensive as the bus fare, too.
If we don't hurry up, we'll miss the show. Should we take the bus?
We're already late, so I think we had better take a taxi.
I don't think we'll be able to find a taxi very easily during hush hours. Let's just take the bus.
Fine. Have a look at the timetable to find out when the next one arrives.
It looks like it should be here in just a few minutes. don't worry. Nothing bad will happen. I'll even buy your ticket for you.
Thanks, that was nice of you.
See, now something good has happened to you on a bus trip?!

Let's go over this plan again. From Vancouver, we bike along the border all the way to Winnipeg. And that is mostly flat, right?
Relatively, once we're out of Alberta, anyway. Then it's hills again in Aitoba.
And from Winnipeg we go around the lakes through Toronto, right?
That's right. And up in to Quebec. And that's where we stop.
It doesn't sound like that much when we go over the plan but that's a long, long ride. Are you ready for the cross country of a lifetime?

Good morning, sir. What can I do for you?
I'm Bill. I'm in Room 908. Can you change the room for me? It's too noisy. My wife was woken up several times by the noise the baggage elevator made. She said it was too much for her.
I'm awfully sorry, sir. I do apologize. Room 908 is at the end of the corridor. It's possible that the noise is heard early in the morning when all is quiet.
Anyhow, I'd like to change our room.
No problem, sir. We'll manage it, but we don't have any spare room today. Could you wait till tomorrow? The American People-to-people Education Delegation will be leaving tomorrow morning. There'll be some rooms for you to choose from.
All right. I hope we'll be able to enjoy our stay in a quiet suite tomorrow evening and have a sound sleep.
Be sure. I'll make a note of that. Everything will be taken care of. And if there is anything more you need, please let us know.

It's time for bed.
I'm not ready to go to sleep. I'm not tired.
It's quite late, and you have an early day tomorrow.
I'm not going to be able to fall asleep.
Why don't you try counting sheep?
I've tried that before. It really doesn't work.
That's beside the point, you still need to go to bed.
Why can't I just stay up until I fall asleep?
If I let you do that, then you're just going to be up all night.
I promise I'll go to sleep soon.
No, you're going to sleep now, so good night.
See you in the morning.

I see myself as being honest, diligent, persevering and creative. And I have a strong sense of responsibility.
How about your psychological resilience?
I think I can work well under pressure, if necessary.
How would you deal with those who are not easy to get along with?
I will just be sincere and friendly to others, and I believe they will treat me the same way.
You seem to be a kind-hearted lady.
Thank you. I simply believe the goodness of human nature.
Please tell me your weaknesses if you can.
I should admit that sometimes I care too much about the details. I am always in pursuit of perfection.

Karen? I need to go over a few things with you.
Certainly. Mr. Graham. When would you like to meet?
I was thinking about this afternoon, after the sales meeting.
Fine. At 3:30?

I believe we' Ve met before. My name's David.
Yes, at your company, I think. I'm Frank.
Oh, I remember now.Very nice to meet you again.
Nice meeting you, too.

I made my little brother cry.
Shame on you?!

I need some mascara. Do you have good thickening mascara?
Of course. Here is our thickening mascara. We also have mascara designed to lengthen the eyelashes.
Alright. And I want to consider your eye shadow too. Do you have a color chart can look at?
We have a very wide selection of colors. And our eye shadow is specially designed to moisturize the skin. So it is very gentle on your eyelids. Would you like to sample some?
Oh, sure I will need to clean off my own eye shadow first.
I can help you with that.
Thank you.

Is this the baggage claim area for flight KB256?
Yes, we are on the same plane.
But I am a transfer passenger. I have a connecting flight to Miami.
So you have to bring your baggage to the transfer check-in area.
Yes.It' s quite troublesome. Why not go and find a porter?

Billy, you don’t look too well. Maybe you should take the day off school.
But Mom?! Today we’re playing football?! I love football?!
You’Ve got a fever and playing football isn’t a good idea for a boy with a fever.
What’s that on your arm?
I don’t know. It was there when I woke up this morning.
It’s rash. I’d better take you to see the doctor.
How did you get that bruise on your leg?
I bashed it against the chair in my room.
Does it hurt?
A little, but not much. Here. Put this wet towel on your face to keep your temperature down. I’ll take you to the doctor’s after breakfast.
If I’m better this afternoon, can I go to school?
If you are better, but I doubt you will be.

This is your schedule.
You're going out of your way for us, I believe.
You are our honored guests.

Are there any vacancies still available?
Yes. We need a plumber here.
I am looking for a job that is more advanced than that, such as sales manager or regional manager.
I am sorry. They are not available now.

My name is Mary, and I will be your waitress tonight.
Thank you, Mary. We have been looking forward to trying out this restaurant.
Before your main course, would you like to order an appetizer?
Sure, that sounds great. Where are your appetizers listed?
There is a special appetizer menu right here in the center of the table.
The chicken and cheese quesadilla looks good. Is that pretty good?
You know, that is one of my favorites?!
OK, I'll take one order of that.
You could choose another appetizer for half price to share.
Perfect?! Please add on an order of onion rings.

I am waiting for a fax but just now I found there's something wrong with the fax machine.
What's wrong with the fax machine? Is it urgent?
Yes, very urgent. And there is no other fax machine around. And the office of our boss is closed, so I can not use his machine either. And his secretary is out. Do you have any suggestion?
Either call this extension number 0085 or ask them to send the fax to you as e-mail, you print it out.

I would like to speak to you, if you don’t mind.
What would you like to speak to me about?
I would like to talk to you about this year’s election.
Is that right? I am a volunteer for this year’s campaign.
That’s wonderful. I am impressed at someone so young taking a stand. I know history is about to be made, and I would like to be a part of it.
That’s fantastic. Are you planning on voting?
I’m going to vote. Go to your polling place early on Election Day.
I will.
Good luck with your volunteering.

We hope that there will be no repetition of this kind of trouble in the future.
Yes. I promise it will not happen again.
We look forward to your settlement at an early date.
We will inform you as soon as possible.

Hello, Steven. How do you get along with your job?
Actually, I learn many things from it. I find that I am a quick learner in new things.
Practice makes perfect. By the way, what do you learn from your job?
At first I didn't know anything about the machine. Now I know how to operate it. Besides, the work gives me a sense of fulfillment and achievement.
Yeah, you are a good learner. I must commend you for your good performance.
Thank you. That's a long way to go for my job.
I appreciate your effort very much. The coffee break is over ; it's about time we set to work.
OK, let's go.

Where on earth are we?
Judging by all the traffic, I'd say we're near the outskirts of the city.
What did I do wrong? Did I take a wrong turn?
I'm not sure, but I think you turned right when you should have turned left on the flyover bridge.
Well, now we should turn back a few kilometres. It seems that the traffic sign is much more important than the map.

Hello. Front desk.
Yes. This is Bob Robinson. I’m calling from room number 627.
Hi, Bob. What can I do for you? Is it possible to change to another room?
Could you please tell me why? My room is facing the swimming pool. It’s noisy for me. I have a problem sleeping. And I feel uncomfortable when I take an elevator.
So you need a quiet side room on the lower floor.
You’re right. Okay. Let me check for a room on the first floor.
Thank you.
I’Ve only two rooms on the first floor. How about room 108?
That’s fine. Can I move now?
Sure. I’ll send the bellman to help you.
Oh, thank you kindly.
You’re welcome.

How long will it take for our order to be delivered?
Let's see. You are importing fifty containers of textiles from China. They should be able to place your order before the end of next week. It will take 2 days for shipping to the port city of Ningpo. The freight will take 3 weeks on the open ocean and will arrive in Los Angeles approximately a month from today. Domestic shipping will be your responsibility, you can make arrangements with the pier in Los Angeles.
Fine, we will handle domestic shipping, but what about customs? Will we have to pay tariff on our imports?
I hope we don't run into any problems with the border control.
No, the Chinese company has that all worked out. With the paperwork you receive with the shipment, you should be good to go.

Now you're my boss, Mr. Henry. Do you have any other particular conditions that you would like the company to take into consideration?
No, nothing in particular. You may ask questions about us, if you have any.
All right. When can I start?

What are you doing here today?
I would like to fight my ticket.
Is the arresting officer in the courtroom today?
Yes, the officer is here today. What's your case?
I was pulled over for running a red light, but I never did.
Do you believe that the officer lied?
There was a camera on the signal. So, he was obviously lying.
Your license plate was caught on camera?
A picture of my license plate was never taken.
Since there is no picture of your license plate on record, I'm going to let you go.
Thank you. I'm glad that you believe me.

Hey Joe, what are you doing in this department store?
Hi, Rita, I'm just looking for a pair of shoes. I won't be here for long.
Why not? When I go shoe shopping, I have so many options for sneakers that I spend awhile looking at all of the choices.
That's my problem. I don't have a lot of options. What do you mean?
This is a big store, isn't it?
Yes, but I have unusually big feet. That wouldn't be too much of a problem except that they're also very wide, and only a few brands sell shoes that I can fit into.
So how do you usually go about buying shoes, then?
Well, first of all, I can only go to certain stores that can guarantee me a large selection.
Well, you're in the right store. If they don't have it, no one will.
After that I choose something from one of the few brands that I know will fit me. I prefer white, so I ask them to bring me a pair of white sneakers in my size. Since I’m usually only given one or two pairs of shoes that meet my qualifications, it makes it a very easy choice.

what shall we do after the volleyball match?
how about going to the Olympic souvenir store to have a look? I remember there is one in the gym.
that's a good idea. I was thinking of buying some gifts for my family. me, too.
What did you have in mind?
I haven't decided yet, but I think the Olympic Mascots are a must.
I agree. They're very lovely, especially " Huan Huan ".
is that the red one? That is my favorite, too. Do you know how much they are?
the five dolls are sold together as a set, and they're priced according to the size. The bigger they are the more expensive.
oh, I see. If I buy more than a set, can I get any discount?
I don't think so. All the souvenirs of the Olympic Games are very hot right now.
any other ideas?
there are lots of things, such as postcards, key chains, posters and various arts and crafts.
it all sounds great. We can go there after the match. I can't wait to see what they have.

Mom?! I hate eating vegetables?!
You don’t have to eat them. I don’t mind.
Thanks mom?! Can I have dessert now? I love chocolate cake?!
No dessert for you unless you eat all your vegetables.
But I don’t like them?! It’s not fair?!
You can have some fruit for dessert. If you eat an apple and a banana, I might let you have a small piece of chocolate cake.
Ok... actually, I don’t mind eating peas and carrots, buy I hate broccoli and cauliflower.
I’ll remember that for next time. You’ll get extra peas and carrots, buy no broccoli or cauliflower. OK?
Thanks mom?!

It was very kind of you to give me a tour of the place. It gave me a good idea of your product range.
It’s a pleasure to show our factory to our customers. What’s your general impression, may I ask?
Very impressive, indeed, especially the speed of your NW Model. That’s our latest development. A product with high performance.
We put it on the market just two months ago. The machine gives you an edge over your competitors, I guess.
Certainly. No one can match us as far as speed is concerned.
Could you give me some brochures for that machine? And the price if possible.
Right. Here is our sales catalog and literature.
Thank you. I think we may be able to work together in the future.

Is the factory fully-automated?
Not completely. Our production process is partially-automated. We use robots on the production line for routine assembly jobs but some of the work is still done manually.
What about supply of parts to the production line?
Well, the parts are automatically selected from the store room using a bar-code system. And there is an automatic feeder which takes them to the conveyor belt at the start of the production line.
What about the smaller components?
They're transported to the workstations on automated vehicles - robot trucks - which run on guide rails around the factory.

I'm glad you're on your ten-year reunion planning committee.
Yeah, you get the TV to yourself while I spend my nights surfing the Net for missing classmates. That's not why. This way I can see how you guys do this sort of thing.
I guess. Don't you have reunions in Taiwan?
Definitely. Every year. But just for our forty-person class. Ours are for everyone that graduated in the same year.

What does your job involve?
I'm the Project Manager so I have to make sure our projects run smoothly. I work with three Project Engineers. They take care of after-sales service and look after the maintenance side of the business.

How many languages can you speak?
Besides Chinese, I can speak English and French. You mean you can read and write both of them?
No, I can only carry on a simple conversation in French.
Can you read and write English well?
I can speak the language better than read and write.
Do you speak the language well enough to communicate with people of English-speaking countries?
I think so. I used to be an interpreter. Do you think your English is good enough to do desk work?
The amount of English I know enables me to do general desk work. I believe what I know is sufficient to work in an American firm.

What can I get for you? Here is the menu.
Let me have a look. Well, how many kinds of steaks do you have?
We have sirloin steaks, pepper steak, and filet steak.
Is there something go with the filet steak?
Yes, we have various sauces.
What about the gravy?

Are you ready to go shopping?
Just a minute. I need to make a list of thinks that we need.
Good idea. Have you written down potatoes, carrots, and onions?
I don’t have onions on my list. I’ll add them. We should get some tea. Is green tea ok or should we get the same tea that we usually get?
Let’s get both. We need some coffee too. Is that on your list?
Yes, it is. Here’s my list. Is there anything that I’Ve forgotten?
I think you’Ve got everything. I want to got some chocolate and some cheese.
What kind of cheese do you want.
I’m not sure. I’ll decide at the cheese counter, when I can see what they have.
Have we got enough money?
We don’t have enough cash, so I’ll take my credit card and we can pay with that.
Where are the car keys?
I’Ve got them there. Shall I drive?

Hello, can you tell me how to use the telephone?
If you want to order meals, call 8801.If you need other help, call 8803 and someone will be there.
Thank you so much. By the way, is there a mail service?
Yes, you can take your letters to the counter over there.

I am afraid that the fax machine in my room won’t be working till tomorrow. A technician has just come and checked it. He will bring me a new one tomorrow. It seems there is a big problem with mine and it will take some days for repairing. Can I use the one in your office?
Of course you can. I am sure this one works very well. I just sent dozens of pages. How many pages are you sending? Are you familiar with my fax machine?
Yes, I think you have the same model as I have.
Does your fax machine print out immediately a transmission protocol?
Yes, it will print immediately.

How many years have you done business with China?
Let me see, about five years, we established our business relationship with Hua Mei of China Import & Export Corporation in 2003.
Do you have any difficulties in doing business in China? You know the Chinese economic legislation is still incomplete?
I don't think I have any problem with our Chinese partners. They have always followed the contract strictly. We can do business directly with the corporation. As I mentioned before, the Chinese government is trying very hard to perfect its law. Its commercial legislation provides legal protection for foreign companies.
Well, it's known that the Sino-American relation is in a dilemma. Does it influence your business in China?
Actually not at present. But we are afraid it will. You know policies influence business to some extent.
I hope our government will not be influenced by some extremists. China is really a large market. We don't want to lose it.
Thank you.
You're welcome.

Give me a pack of first-class stamps, please.
Here you are. That will be five dollars. Anything else?
Yes. I want some post cards and some airmail stamps. I want to send some letters to South America.
Just a moment, I'll look up the rate for air-mail letters to South America.
Can you tell me how much it will cost to send a package to Colombia? Also, I what to know how long it will take.
Do you have the package with you? I would have to weigh it to see how much it would cost. Do you insure package?
Yes. All you have to do declare the value of the package and decide how much you want to insure it for.
Is there a way that I can be sure that the people in South america receive my package?
The post office rarely loses package. You can, however, request a rectum receipt.
One last question-what are your hours?
We open at eight-thirty in the morning and close at five-thirty in the afternoon.
Thank you, you helped me a lot.

Hello, thank you for taking the time to interview me.
Hi there, I’m Bill Gotcha, the owner of Gotcha Enterprises. Did you find your way here OK?
Your assistant gave wonderful directions.
Why are you switching jobs at this point in your career?
Our Company is moving overseas and I wish to stay in the United States.
What are you best at?
I am good at organizing systems that have been having problems.
What is your biggest challenge in terms of skills?
I don’t like to sit around and so like to always find things to do to keep myself busy.
That is good to hear?!

Good morning. SRC international. How may I help you?
Good morning. I'd like to speak to Peter. Chen Please.
Certainly. Who should I say is calling?
This is Tim. Hunter from Hunter industries.
And what is it regarding please?
We have an appointment for this afternoon. Mr. Chen will know why I'm calling.
Of course, Please hold the line Mr. Hunter.

Right, let me run through your options. You can go ahead and cash your undue Large-Amount Deposit Certificate if you really want to, but I'd recommend a Personal Durable Commodities Loan.
OK, what does that entail?
It's not too much trouble to do it this way and remember, your certificate is due in 2 months. If you can hold on to it, it'll be much better for your finances.
Yes, it does seem a little silly to cash it now. I'll probably need about 25,000 RIB. Will that be a problem?
Not at all, Mr Zu. As the certificate is due in 2 months, you can get the loan on mortgage of that certificate.
I'm glad you thought of this. I'd have just gone ahead and cashed it?! And I suppose I can use the money from the certificate to pay back this Personal Durable Commodities Loan and I won't lose any interest, right?
Exactly right. If you'd like to go ahead, I can process that for you now, Mr Zu.
Absolutely, Jenny. Thanks very much, I think you've saved me quite a lot of money today.

My aunt told me one of her secrets--cellophane tape. I just got it at the special health store. It's for my flabby arms.
Let me know how it works. I have to say, I have had enough of this roller coaster.
I know what you mean. I'm like a yo-yo. Last week I was down to 60 kilos. This week I had one donut more. Now I'm up to 62 kilos.

May I have a menu, please?
Of course. Could you tell me how this thing is cooked? Lobster?
It is steamed and served with our special sauce.
Is it good?
Sure. It is a most popular dish.
I think I will try some lobster, and give me some green salad together.

Can’t you come in and have tea now, Peter?
Not yet, I must water the garden first.
Do you have to water it now?
I’m afraid I must. Look at it?! It’s terribly dry.
What a nuisance?! Last summer it was very dry, too. Don’t you remember? I had to water it every day.
Well, I’ll have tea by myself.
That was quick?! Have you finished already? Yes, Look out of the window. It’s raining.
That means you needn’t water the garden.
That was a pleasant surprise. It means I can have tea, instead.

I'm broke, and I have to catch another bus.
Why don't you have any money for another bus?
I got hungry and bought some chips.
That was smart.
Anyway, do you have any change I can use for the bus?
I don't have any.
I don't know how I'm going to get home.
Get a transfer from the bus driver.
How much is a transfer?
It doesn't cost anything.
That's great?! Thanks for your help.
You know what? Don't mention it.

Hello, Anna. Come in and sit down.
Hello, doctor.
What's the matter? I've got a backache.
Do you often suffer from backache?
No, I don't. I've never had a bad one before. When did it start?
About four days ago.
Well, go home and rest in bed for two days, then you'll feel better. Can you give me some medicine? It's very painful.
Yes, I'll give you some pills. Take one a time and three times a day, and come back in three days. If you don't feel...

Welcome on board. May I see your boarding pass?
Here you are. Your seat is three, in the third row, near the window.
Thank you. Where can I put my suitcase?
Either in the overhead compartment or underneath the seat.
Everyone's attention, please. We are going to take off. Please fasten your belts.

Hello, madam. How do you like your staying here?
Quite good. Excuse me, are there any places of interest?
Yes, there are so many near our hoteI. Three blocks away from here, there is temple. It's famous for its building and paintings. lt' s worth visiting.
Thank you. I think today we will go there.

You're here to make a deposit, is that correct?
Right. I'd like to deposit 2,000 RIB into my Current Account.
No problem. Could I have the cash and your Bank Book, please?
Oh dear... there seems to be some problems here... What? What's wrong?
I'm sorry but 5 of these notes seem to be counterfeit. Look at this watermark, do you see it?
It does look a little strange, I didn't notice that before.

Hello, sir. Is there anything I can help you find?
Um... Uh... I'm just looking, thanks.
Need a gift for your girlfriend or wife...
No, no, no. I'm just browsing. Thanks anyway.
Well, if you need anything, just ask. Um... well, where's the men's shoe department?
It's on the third floor. Turn left when you get off the escalator.
Thanks.

An idea about killing time on a train?
I advise you to read Playboy.You can get a lot from it.
But there's quite a lot of rumors about it.
That's why it's interesting.

Have you brought the receipt with you?
No, I don't. I left it home.
Sorry, but we can't do anything without the receipt. Come back with it.
I didn't know. I'll go to get it. How late will you be open?
Till 5:30.

I haven't told you what happened yet, have I?
I haven't heard anything.
My boss offered me a promotion, and I took it.
Are you serious?
Yes, I am really excited.
That's great. Congratulations?!
Thank you.
Actually, I could not believe it at first. You know, there're so many outstanding people in our company. Many of them are qualified to fill that position.
Sure, but you really did great and outperformed the others. You deserved it?!
Thank you very much.

I like Chinese food.
I like Chinese food, too. I like dumplings best. At school, we sometimes have Chinese food for lunch.
That's good. We eat Chinese food only at the Chinese restaurant.
My mother can make some Chinese food.
Really? That's wonderful?!

OK. Come back into the classroom, class.
Does the class start again, Mam?
Yes, but to the heath, this break has last long enough.
Oh, breaktime flies. come on, baby. It’s time now.
Mam, another minute, could I?
Hurry up, little boy.

What's the actual flight time from here to San Francisco?
It's about twelve hours.
Can you tell me what time we're arriving?
Sure. Let me see... at 6:15 a. m. local time.
I see. And that'll be 10:15 p. m. Beijing time.

Excuse me, but I'm not feeling too well. I think I'm going to throw up.
There's an airsickness bag behind the seat that's in front of you.
I must've missed it. Is this your first time flying?
Yes. I'm going to San Francisco.
Oh, it's a beautiful city. I think you'll like it.
Hey, I'm feeling much better already.
Sometimes if you don't think about it, that sick feeling will go away on its own.
Thanks.
By the way, my name is Mary.
I'm Frank. Nice to meet you.

Welcome to Al's Bakery. What can I get you?
Hi?! Let me get a dozen croissants, four blueberry muffins and a loaf of sourdough bread.
Sure. Would you like to have the loaf sliced?
No, that's OK. Do you have any whole wheat bread?
We are out at the moment. May I suggest some rye bread?
Sure that sounds good. Do you have any cakes?
We have various birthday cakes and also ice cream cakes.
I'll just take a cheesecake.
Will that be all?
Yes.
Your total is forty three dollars and twenty cents.
You got it.

Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, we are happy you have all come out for our training workshop. Today we have a great line-up of speakers to talk to you. First on our program is a well-renown expert in the field of international economic development, Harvard's own Dr. James Smith. Dr. Smith has been involved in economic research for over twenty years, and has taught at Harvard since 1995. And now, without further adieu, we'd like to welcome Mr. James Smith.
Thank you, Mr. Jackson, ladies and gentlemen, colleagues, friends. The subject of my talk is international relations in a morgen world. I plan to say a few words about the current situation in the Middle East and how it affects world economy. I'd like to give you an overview of the way that the economies of seemingly unrelated countries are intertwined. I've divided my talk into three parts, first an overview of international relations, second a discussion of current political situations, and lastly trends for the future. My presentation will take about two hours, but there will be a twenty-minute break in the middle. We'll stop for lunch at 12.

You're looking rather pale, why?
I couldn't sleep well recently.
You'd get plenty of sleep for you work so hard.
I always drink too much wine in the evening.
You shan't drink more wine in the evening.
Yes, you are right.
And you'd take some exercise every day.
Many thanks for your advice.

Hello Mrs Parker, how have you been?
Hello Dr Peters. Just fine thank you. Ricky and I are here for his vaccines.
Very well. Let's see, according to his vaccination record, Ricky has received his Polio, Tetanus and Hepatitis B shots. He is 14 months old, so he is due for Hepatitis A, Chickenpox and Measles shots.
What about Rubella and Mumps?
Well, I can only give him these for now, and after a couple of weeks I can administer the rest.
OK, great. Doctor, I think I also may need a Tetanus booster. Last time I got it was maybe fifteen years ago?!
We will check our records and I'll have the nurse administer and the booster as well. Now, please hold Ricky's arm tight, this may sting a little.

I’m interested in teaching at your school.
Great. Are you a qualified teacher?
Yes.
What kind of teaching certificate do you have?
I have a TEFL certificate.
How many years of experience do you have?
I have three years of teaching ESL and four years of teaching per-school children.
When did you get your TEFL certificate?
I got my TEFL certificate three years ago.
Why do you want to teach at our school?
Well, I’Ve heard many good things about it. I also like teaching young children.
That’s great. Can you speak Chinese?
Yes, just a little.
Can you come in for an interview tomorrow at 10:00?
I sure can.
Great. See you then.

Why is the car before us stopping?
What's going on? Look. Two cars are standing right in the middle of the road and the drivers are shouting rude words to each other.
That's why that car stops.
More and more people easily get irritated while driving.
Yes. This is what is called road rage.

This is today’s schedule. At 8 thirty AM, conference with the department managers. At 9 o’clock, live for the workshop where you’ll award prizes to the staff for preventatives.
That’s great. What are the prizes?
3000 RIB as bonus for each person. To encourage the staff increases.
Ok. Next thing is laying the corner-stone for the new plant at 10 AM. At 12 AM, back here for lunch. What about the afternoon? At 2 PM, give a presentation here with the press. At four o’clock sharp, have dinner with Mr. Smith, manager of NCC.

This is Lincoln Bank, Consumer Credit Department. How can I help you?
Ah, hello. I'm calling to find out how I apply for a car loan.
We offer a Personal Automobile Consumer Loan. The application process is pretty straight forward. I trust you have enough funds to cover the 20 % down payment?
Yes, I do. It's ready and waiting in my account.
The next step is for us to recommend a dealer to you, who are already contracted to us, so...
Could I just stop you there? Sorry to interrupt, but I have already been to your appointed dealer and selected the car I want.
That will certainly cut down the processing time. We can move on to the next step. Do you have the purchase price?
Yes, it's 110,000 RIB. So, with the down payment done, I will need to borrow 70,000 RIB.
What we need you to do next is to come into the branch with a correctly filled in application form, ID card, proof of residency, proof of income, the agreement from the agent and of course the 20 % down payment.
Yes, I have everything here.
OK, I'll come in and see you later today. Maybe I could have my new car as early as next week?! How exciting?!

Hi, my name is Tom.
Tom, the new sales representative? Nice to meet you?! I'm Melinda.
Nice to meet you too.Melinda. Now let me show you around. This is our reception area, and our conference room is right over there. Over here is the sales department.
Really? This is a nice office, but it's quite small.
Yeah... You can make photocopies and send faxes over there.
It looks like you guys work hard.
I tell you what just between you and me, we just mess things up so that it looks like we work hard.Just kidding.
Oh, your cubicle is over the. And this way. Those are all private offices the managers offices.
Hmm... Tell me more details about our jobs.
Sure thing.

What do you think of our price? Your price has gone up sharply, hasn't it?
Yes. We regret we cannot maintain our original price. Since the prices of the raw materials have been raised, we have to adjust the price of our products accordingly.
I agree with you there, but your price is unreasonable.
I don't think so. You must compare our price with that of other export houses. I'm sure our offer is in line with the prevailing market price level.
I don't think we'll be able to pay the price.
To have this business concluded, you need to lower your price at least by 3 %.
I’m afraid that there is no room for any reduction in price.
Don't you agree with me that in the long run, moderate prices will bring about large sales and more profit?
We've already cut down our price to cost level.
Is that all?
Yes, this is the best we can do.
I'm sorry we can't handle the price you offered.

So, Jimmy, how does it feel to have your own money?
It’s great, dad. I don’t mind delivering papers, but the real fun is collecting the money.
Even though you are only twelve, it’s not too early to start saving a little money.
I’Ve never had a bank account before. Why don’t I just keep my money under the matters like grandpa does?
You know you would spend it. And also, money in the bank earns interest.
But what if I need my money suddenly?
The bank will give you a PIN, and you can withdraw money from any ATM.
Great?! So it’s almost the same as keeping it under the matters?!
Not quite. You have to maintain a minimum balance of twenty dollars. And sometimes the bank has service charges. But you don’t have to worry about that yet. Let’s go make your first depot OK.
Guess I have to do that before. I can make money my first withdrawal.

Is this where I can catch a bus to the theater?
Yes, but you can't get there with out a change.
Which bus do I have to change?
You have to get off at the hospital and change for bus 15.
I see. Thank you.

Here we are, Joan. This is the Palace museum, also known as the Forbidden city.
Oh, how splendid?! Can you take a picture of me here?
Sure.

Excuse me. I'm afraid I got lost. Where am I on this map?
We are here, bus station, we are in the heart of the city.
Oh?! Can I go from here to the Zhongshan Park?
Head straight up the street about two blocks then turn right.

Tony, could you tell me if there are any special rules about the job?
Working hours are from 8: 30 a. m. to 5:00 p. m. Be sure not to be late or absent. Report to the manager by filling in the' Monthly Report' every month.
Is there anything else? How about my salary?
Our company has a strict and reasonable salary standard. On the 20th day of every month, you can get your salary on time. Benefits depend upon the length of service and the employee's past attendance record.
Wow, thank you for telling me these. Do you mind telling me something else, like attendance record, holiday, and how to ask for leave?
All new members are likely to ask the same questions. Haha.
I can understand that. Every month you have three days off, besides the weekends and some important holidays. After you've been here for a year, you qualify for a one-week vacation. The leave less than a half-day should predict for an hour, and more than a half-day should predict three days.
Okay, that's good. I get it.

Kate, you never believe what's happened.
What do you mean?
Masha and Hero are getting divorced.
You are kidding. What happened?
Well, I don't really know, but I heard that they are having a separation for 2 months, and filed for divorce.
That's really surprising. I always thought they are well matched.
What about the kids? Who get custody?
Masha, it seems quiet and makable, no quarrelling about who get the house and stock and then contesting the divorce with other details worked out.
That's the change from all the back stepping we usually hear about.
Well, I still can't believe it, Masha and Hero, the perfect couple.
When would they divorce be final?
Early in the New Year I guess.

Overseas operator. I would like to make a collect call to Taipei, Taiwan, please.
Your name, please.
Tim Chen.
What's the number, please.
The area code is 2, and the number is 2367-9960.
The line is connected. Please go ahead.

Hello. Excuse me.
Yes. Can I help you? Do you remember me? I just had lunch here a half hour ago.
Of course I remember you.
I think I lost my wallet here.
Oh, no. Really? I didn't see anything.
Really? You didn't find a wallet?
No, I didn't.
Would you like to go look by the table with me?
Yes, I would.
It's not here. And it's not on the floor.Has anyone sat at this table since we left?
No. It's been empty the whole time.
Hmm. I don't know how it could have happened.
I remember, sir, that your friend took the bill.You didn't pay for the lunch yourself, did you?
No. My friend did.
Then are you sure you took your wallet out of your pocket while you were here?
No, I'm not sure. But I usually take out my wallet when I sit down.It' s uncomfortable to sit on it. So I usually put it next to me on the table.
Maybe you lost it before you came here. Or maybe you left it at home.
I don't think it's at home. I think I had it when I left the house.But what should I do?
Well, the first thing you should do is make sure it's not at home.Then, if it isn't, you need to call your credit card companies and cancel your cards. Next, you need to replace whatever you lost, your driver's license, things like that.
Should I call the police?
You can if you want. But the police usually don't do anything about lost wallets.
Hmm. I'll go home and check. Maybe you're right. Maybe it's at home.
I'm sorry we couldn't find it, sir.
Thanks for your help.

Good morning, young lady. You can call me Ma. Do you see anything you like?
Yes. Many things?! I especially love this beautiful quilt.
That quilt was passed down to me from my ma in Holland.
It sounds like a special quilt. Why do you want to sell it?
Well, this home is too big for me now, so I'm moving to an apartment that is much smaller. Therefore, I need to part with a few things.
Oh, I see. Umm, how much do you want for the quilt?
Is fifteen dollars OK?

Have you got change for a thousand?
Let me see.

May I come in, Mr Sun?
I’d rather you didn’t, Miss Yang. I’m very busy now.
Can I try later then?
Yes, of course.
Is it all right for me to come in now, Mr Sun?
Well, uh... I’m still pretty busy, but... all right. Come in.
What can I do for you?
Do you mind if I sit down?
Not at all. Take a seat. Now what can I do for you?
I want to leave the department. Do you think I could put info a transfer?
Yes.
But why should you want to do that?
Do you mind if I speak frankly?
Not at all. Go ahead.
Well. You see, I don’t like the office. I don’t like the staff. And I’m afraid of you. And I don’t want to go one. So may I put info a transfer?
Yes. I’d be delighted if you did.

Where is that? Take me to the airport, please.
Are you in a hurry?
I have to be there before 17 o'clock.
We'll make it except a jam. You know it's rush hour.
There's an extra ten in it for you if you can get me there on time.
I'll do my best.
Here's twenty dollars. Do you have small bills?
No. If you can't break it, keep the change. But can you give me a receipt?
Here is your receipt.
Thank you.

Recently I have been getting headache and my eyes don't seems to see focus properly.
When did you last time have your eyes checked?
Two years ago. At that time I had no problems.Now I can’t even make out something ten meters away.
Come over here. I will test your eyes. First cover your left eye like this, and when I point, please read the chart from the top, and go as far as you can, telling me which way the “ E ” points.
All right. Good.Now the other eye. Well, this one is worse.
Never mind, just read as far as you can.
I can only read the first three lines.

Is there a car park near the supermarket?
Yes, there is an underground car park near the supermarket.
I see. Thanks.

Oh, come on, Ultraman?! What's up, Bro? What's in the bulletin?
It says that there will be a blackout from 5 p. m. to 7 p. m. in our neighborhood today.
Blackout? Even the TV has the limit. Don't you know you will look like a monster in the blackout?
Oops, no, Daddy can't watch American Idol, either?! That's not the point.
Come on, can you imagine that there will be no electricity on such a hot day? Oh, my god?! No air-conditioner?!
OK, since you are the smart one, can you come up with a better plan? So that we won't be baked like cookies here.
How about playing Barbie out there in the neighborhood?
Barbie? You know, I might be seven, but I'm not a girl.
Do you have a better plan?
All right, all right.

Yes, ma'am, how could I help you?
I am wondering if you do facial care?
Yes, we do.
How much would it be?
From 200 to 800.
I'm afraid 800 is too expensive for me. Could you recommend something around 300?
No problem.

Can I help you, Miss?
I would like to order 2 office-style cabinets and desk calendars. We want office-style cabinets in white. The catalogue number is 90-f-2356.
How soon do you want it?
Could you deliver it tomorrow?
No problem. Please handle the items carefully.
Certainly.
We will pay by collect on delivery.

I hate to do this to you, Alice, but I’m going to have to ask you to put in some more overtime.
Does it have to be this afternoon, Mr. Fairbanks? I’Ve already made plans.
Well, I would have preferred to do it today, but if you’Ve already made plans, we can do it tomorrow.
I’d appreciate that, sir. How long do you think you’ll need me to stay?

What’s your attitude when do wrong things at work?
The buck stops here.

Hello?! Is your company advertising for administrative assistant on the newspapers?
Well, Administrative assistant with shorthand and typing skills are badly needed here.
First I want to check about the availability and see if you could give me more information.
The position calls for a person with some working experience. We must be able to benefit from your analytical and interpersonal skills. Can you deliver your resume to us first?
Of course. I will deliver my resume to you in minutes' time. I hope you will consider my application and I shall appreciate a reply at your earliest convenience.
OK. I will call you soon. Bye now.
Bye.

Just as the saying goes, every potter praises his own pot. You should pay special attention to selling yourself properly in the interview. It is especially important for the graduates who step into the job market for the first time. You'd better prepare what you are going to say in advance, in order to have a good performance in the interview. The contents should be mainly descriptions of your background. And the length depends on the particular situation. Only when you are aware of what the interviewer will be interested in, can you make a targeted preparation. To sell yourself successfully, you should leave the interviewer a deep impression. Selling yourself should go straight to the point, and the statement should be clear and brief. It should also be truthful and realistic. Do not blindly blow your own horn. You should particularly state your strong points which are closely related to the position you are applying for. While you should not omit your weak points, they need to be described appropriately Time permitted, you could add certain examples to your description. Besides, in the interview, it is best that you make corresponding adjustments to apply your prepared contents flexibly.

Hello?
Hi, Deborah?! This is John. I'm calling from Australia.
What are you doing in Australia?
I'm attending a conference in Sydney this week. Remember?
Oh, right. What time is it there?
It's 10:00 P. M. And it's four o'clock in Los Angeles, right?
Yes - four o'clock in the morning.
4:00 A. M.? I'm really sorry.
That's OK. I'm awake now.

John hasn't turned up and Stefan is ill. Do we have anyone on stand-by?
I'm afraid not, we're very short-staffed at the moment.
Can you ask the shift supervisor to ask one of his team to do some overtime?
Perhaps Tommy can stand in for an hour or two until we find a replacement.

Jack, let’s go?! Oh, you are out of breath?! What happened?
Some people are wildly shooting on the next street. We must leave here as soon as possible?!
Take it easy. They will get caught.

Hello. May I speak to Jerry, please?
Sorry, but he is out for lunch right now.
I see. Can you give me some idea how long he'll be back?
I think he will be back around 2:00. If you like, please leave your name and phone number, I'll have him call you as soon as he comes back.
That's nice. My name is Steven, my phone number is 6789777.
Okay, I'll be waiting for his call. Thank you and bye?!
My pleasure, bye?!

Excuse me, Miss. What can I do for you?
I've just heard an announcement that my flight has been delayed.
What's your flight number?
Flight CA216 to Chengdu.
Yes, it's true. It has been delayed.
Could you please tell me why?
Yes, of course. The delay is due to heavy rain.
How long will the delay be? Do you have any further information about it?
I am sorry, we don't know the extent of the delay at present. But according to the latest weather forecast, there will be a change in weather soon. We have to wait.
Well, is it possible for the rain to stop before noon?
It's hard to say. Weather is so changeable in the summer. Please listen to the latest announcement about your flight.
Yes, I will. Thanks a lot. Bye?!
Bye

What are we going to do? I can't get the car out of this ditch. I'm stuck?!
I'm worried, Tom. I haven't seen any other cars for almost an hour.
I know. This is terrible. What can we do? This snow doesn't stop falling?!
I told you we should have stayed in town today.The weather report said 100 percent chance of snow.Why did you want to come up here?
I wanted to show you the cabin. We only had another half-hour to go.
Well, now we're stuck. What can we do?
I don't know. I've heard that when this happens, it's important to save energy.
What do you mean? We're stranded here, Tom. We may be here a long time.We need to conserve the gas in the car. The car's energy is what will keep us warm.
I have plenty of gas.
Yes, but the gas and the battery both have to stay working.We can't just let the car run and run.If we do, it will die soon. Then we'll freeze.
So what can we do?
Turn the lights off.Then, run the car and the heater only about fifteen minutes every hour.That will conserve the heat as long as possible.
Alright. That's a good idea. I wish we hadn't come up here. Now we'll probably be here for days.
Days?
Yes, it happens.That is what happens in big snowstorms. People get stranded for days.
Oh, my God?! It's good we have food. Probably we'll survive.But turn the car off for about forty-five minutes. Then we'll turn it on again.

Hey, buddy, can’t you see there’s a line?
Oh, sorry. I didn’t know.
What? You haven’t taken the bus before?
No, I’m afraid not.
Well, you have to wait in line like everyone else. Besides, you should let old people on first.
Sorry.
It’s all right. Where are you going?
I wanted to see the White House.
Oh, well you don’t want this bus, anyway. It goes to Georgetown.
Oh, no. It’s all right, though. Just get off at the next stop and catch the 79A.
Oh, well thank you very much.
You’re welcome.

Can I help you?
I'd like the double cheese burger meal, please.
What kind of drink would you like with that?
Just coke will be fine.
Would you like a super size meal? Only 2 RIB more, you'll get large coke and fries instead of medium. And today we are offering free toys all the meal boxes.
That sounds good, thanks, I'd like that. Actually I'd like sprite instead of coke, thanks.
That's not a problem, Miss. Will that be it?
Yes, that's all. That will be 25RMB, please
You got it.

Do you have any night tours?
Yes, we will depart in 10 minutes.
Is that a guided tour?
Yes, it is.
That's fine. Let's get on the bus.

I am sure we will make it up as soon as possible.
That's nice. We hope this matter will not affect our good relations in our future dealings.
Of course not. We have cooperated for a long time.

I would like to purchase some meat.
What kind of meat would you like to get today?
First off, I'm going to need a pound of ground beef.
A pound of ground beef is $ 2.48.
That's perfect. What else will you be needing?
I'm also going to need three pounds of chicken breasts.
The chicken breasts cost $ 4.05 per pound. What's the total price for the chicken?
It's going to be $ 12.15.
Okay, I think that will be all for me today.

I think you know already that I want to discuss the represent - ton for your alarm clocks.
Yes, Mr. Bergeron. You mentioned that in your letter.
To tell you the truth, your proposal surprised us.
Is that so?
Anyhow I want to go over the details with you in person, so you can give my suggestion thorough consideration.
Our firm specializes in this line of business. We have six sales representatives, who are on the road all the time, covering the whole of the European market.
Do you sell direct to shops?
Yes, we specialize in handling clocks and watches of all sorts. We have well established channels of distribution and we canvass the retailers direct, without any middlemen.
Do you keep a stock of these things?
In some cases, such as the wristwatches, which always have a steady market, we keep a stock in London and act as distributors as well as agents. Generally, however, we pass on the orders of our clients to the manufacturers for supply. We are paid for our service, of course.
That is, your commission.
Yes, our commission is very reasonable. We usually get a 10 % commission of the amount on every deal. Our agents in other areas usually get a 3-5 % commission. The European market is not familiar with your products. You have competitors from Japan and other continental countries. At the beginning of our campaign, there is sales resistance to overcome, we must send out salesmen to do a lot of traveling and spend a considerable amount of money on advertising in news - papers and TV programs. A 10 % commission will not leave us much.
According to your estimate, what is the maximum annual turn - over you can fulfill, in round figures, of course?
We will always do our utmost to enlarge the business, as our remuneration increases with the turnover, but we will not guar - ante anything, at least not to begin with.
We appreciate very much your intention to push the sale of our products. But our suggestion to you, Mr. Bergeron, as a preliminary step, is to do a little research into the market...
Do you mean to say you refuse us the agency?
Mr. Bergeron, you leave us no alternative. We can not give you an exclusive agency of the whole European market without having the slightest idea of your possible annual marketing turnover. Besides our price is worked out according to the costing. A 10 % commission means an increase in our price. We must have the reaction of the buyers in this respect.
Oh, that's just too bad. I intended to make great efforts in selling your products.
Well, we can still carry on our business relationship without the agreement. To start the ball rolling, we will provide you with price lists, catalogues and some samples. Only when you have a thorough knowledge of the marketing possibilities of our products, can we then discuss further details.
Ah, Mrs. Miller, but in this case am I covered?
Oh, yes. We will give you a 5 % commission on every transaction.
All right, but I'll be back again for the Autumn Fair. And then I hope we can see eye to eye about our commission and the terms of the agency.
Very good. We will discuss the matter again at the next Fair.

Excuse me, I’m sorry to trouble you. My name is Susan Ransom, and I have placed several orders with you company.
Yes, Mr. Ransom? This is Karl Miller. How may I help you?
Well, I wonder if you could track an order I placed with you last month. It hasn’t arrived yet.
Certainly, Ms. Ransom. Do you have an order number?

Have you worked out the offers. Mr. Thou?
Yes, we have. Here's our CIF quotation sheet. Please have a careful look.
Are the prices on the list firm offers?
Yes. All the quotations on the list are subject to our final confirmation.
I wonder whether there are any changes in your prices.
All these products are our best-selling lines. The prices of our products will change according to that of the international market demand. And we are always open to negotiate, especially on larger orders.
What do you have in mind?
How long does your offer remain valid?
I need some time to get my supervisors on board with this plan.
I understand. Our offer remains open for 4 days.

Hello sir, may I help you?
Yeah, I accidentally dropped my phone in the toilet.
I see. Well, you have come to the right place. We have over one hundred models of more than twenty leading mobile phone manufacturers.
Sounds good. I don’t want it to be too expensive, maybe something mid-range.
We have this new ETC smart phone.It comes with the Android OS so you can download applications. It also has a built-in camera, mp3 player and touch screen. It works on the 3G network so you have fast access to the internet wherever you are.
What about Wi-fi?
Of course?! You can access the internet from any hotspot as well as from home.
One last thing. Is it waterproof?

We have been over this a hundred times?! We are not getting a pet?!
Why not? Come on?! Just a cute little puppy or a kitty?!
Who is going to look after a dog or a cat?
I will?! I’ll feed it, bathe it and walk it every day?! We can get a Labrador or a German Shepard?!
What if we want to take a vacation? Who will we leave it with? Plus, our apartment is too small for that breed of dog.
Ok. How about we get a cat or a ferret?
We’re planning on having children soon, I don’t think those animals are a good idea with a baby in the house.
Fine?! Let’s get a bird then?! We can keep it in its cage and teach it to talk?! A parrot would be awesome?!
I’ll tell you what, I can get you some hamsters and we’ll take it from there.
Yay?!

Good evening, Mr. Lee and thank you for choosing our airline. We have just discovered that this flight is overbooked. Would you like to volunteer to give up your seat?
Overbooked? Give up my seat? I don’t understand.
From time to time we have a situation in which there are more passengers than there are seats on the aircraft. That’s overbooked.
I know what overbooked is, I just don’t understand how that could happen?
Actually it’s a common practice to overbook, as passengers often don’t take their flight as scheduled. Most of the time there is no problem but today, more passengers arrived than we have seats,
So who has to stay behind?
Well, first we ask for volunteers. If someone like yourself volunteers, they receive a free round trip ticket to be used within one year. If no one volunteers we just have to select someone.
Ok. I’ll volunteer. I could use a free ticket?!

I want to rent this apartment.
I’m glad to hear that. How much are you asking?
You will have to pay $ 1050 every month.
I can’t afford that. What can you afford?
I was thinking $ 800 a month.
I’ll need you to pay more than that. How much more?
How does $ 900 every month sound to you?
I can live with that. We have a deal then.

Good morning, Miss Monica. Nice to meet you again?!
Good morning, Mr. Thomas, it is nice to see you too. After the internal discussion, we have all agreed that you are the most suitable person for this position among all the candidates. So, today let’s talk about your expected salary and social benefits. What is your expected salary?
I’Ve worked in the field for more than 4 years. Depend on my work qualifications and experience, I would like to have 5000 Yuan to start.
The basic salary for your position in our company would be 4800 Yuan to start with increases giving according to your performance.
It is a bit lower than I expected. But I can accept that.
What are the working hours?
40 hours a week, Monday to Friday, 9 AM to 5 PM with one hour lunch break every day..
Do I have to work on weekend? If so, how do you pay for the overtime?
We do expect overtime work when it is necessary, but we pay twice of the work hour for working on weekends and three times for working on national holidays like Spring Festival and the Mid-Autumn Day.
Is there probation?
No probation is involved. If you feel good, you can start next week.

Welcome to the McDonald's. What will it be for you, madam?
One Big Mac and French Fries.
Is there anything else?
Give me one coke, please.
Is this to go or to eat here?
To go, please.
That comes to four dollars and ten cents.
And can I have some ketchup, please?
It's on the service counter over there. Please go to help yourself.

What's the name of this street?
University Street.
Do you know of any banks near here?
You'll see one at the corner on your right.

Hey there, you look a little lost. Are you new here?
Yeah how’d you know?
You can always spot the newbies. I can give you a few pointers if you want. Were you trying to use this machine here?
Yeah?! I just started my training today and I’m not really sure where to begin.
It’s ok, I know how it is. This machine here will work out your upper body, mainly your triceps and biceps. Are you looking to develop strength or muscle tone and definition?
Well, I don’t want to be ripped like you?! I just want a good physique with weights and Carpio.
In that case you want to work with less weight. You can start off by working ten to fifteen reps in four sets. Five kilo weights should be enough. Now it’s very important that you stretch before pumping iron or you might pull a muscle.
Got it?!
Wow is that the weight you are lifting? My goodness that’s a lot of weight?!
It’s not that much. Just watch... I’m ok...

Excuse me.Could you tell me how to return to the Hilton Hotel? I am afraid I lost my way.
Do you have a hotel card or something? Let's see.Yes, I have the address and telephone number here.
Oh, you're staying at the downtown Hilton.Then, you go down two blocks this way and turn left.You' ll find it on the right.
Well, I don't understand it very well.Will you draw me a map?

Excuse me, but could you tell me the way to the railway station?
The railway station? Just go down this street and turn left at the second corner. The station is at the end of that street.
How long will it take me to get there?
It's about a ten-minute walk.
That's very clear. I think I can find my way now. Thank you.
Not at all.

How does the political system work in your country?
We have hundreds of constituencies and the voters in each one elect a member of parliament. Most people call them mp’s.
Each mp belongs to a political party, right?
Almost all of them do. A few are independent. That means that they do not belong to a party.
If one party more than half of the mp’s. they form a government. That means that they choose a prime Finist
What’s a cabinet?
This is a small group of people-perhaps 25 mp’s who are usually ministers. They make all the big decision and discuss laws and policy.
Can any mp make a law?
Any mp can present a law to parliament. The proposed law is debated and voted on. If it is accepted, it becomes law.
I suppose a proposed a law needs the support of the big political parties.
Yes, it does, because they have most of the mp’s. most mp’s vote the way their party wants them to.
How do people choose which party or candidate to vote for?
They produce manifesto. These documents which states their policies. Some people just vote for the same party every time there is an election. Voters who often change the party they vote for are Calle

How was your interview?
Pretty good. The HR manager asked me the usual questions. Then he wondered why I had decided to leave my previous job.
What did you say?
I told him that I hadn’t got a raise for three years. I also told him that one of my best co-workers quitted her job because she had not been promoted for eight years.
Did he want to know the reasons?
Yes. I told him that my boss made some excuses of the recession. But I thought he had a pattern and a record of promoting men only. That’s sex discrimination.
When will you get the reply?
In a couple of days, I was told.
Wish you good luck?!
Thank you.

What qualities do you think a senior executive should possess?
Generally speaking, he needs creativity, the ability to communicate, sense of personal responsibilities, the ability to solve problems and so on.
Do you have all these qualities?
Yes, I have all of them. I am totally competent to be a senior executive.

Hi. I need more amenities, please.
Could you be a little more specific, sir?
Well, to be more specific, the free stuff, like soap, lotion, and shampoo.
I understand. Now, you're saying that you've already used up all your amenities?
Oh, no?! I've got all I need for my stay here.
So, what's the problem?
I need souvenirs?!
You want some souvenirs?!
Yes, yes. Souvenirs.
But, sir, our souvenir shop carries all those items.
That's not the same thing. If you buy hotel souvenirs, they have no sentimental value.
I understand, sir. I'll call housekeeping. You'll have your souvenirs shortly.

Hello, may I help you?
Yes.We' re interested in seeing the rooms for rent.
Oh, how nice.They' re bright rooms and the house is very quiet.
A nice quiet house is exactly what we're looking for.
Well, gentleman.Each room is $ 40 a week if you think that's OK.
That sounds just wonderful to us. When do you want to move in?
How about this afternoon?
Fine. I'll be expecting you around two.

Are you ready to order? May I suggest a veal?
No, I'll have the fish please.
The chicken is also nice.
No, I want the fish.
Our special tonight is lobster.
Thank you, but I prefer the fish.
Perhaps you'd enjoy the lamb.
No, I like the fish.
What ever you say?

Am I ever hungry? When will supper be ready?
It's almost ready. Can you set the table?
All right. Want to taste this dish?
Yeah. Oh, it's delicious?! Really?
Definitely. It's a wonderful meal.
Thank you, Honey. If you like to help me do the dishes, I'll be more dreadful.
I wish I could, but I won't.

Good morning, Kate. Long time no see.
Good morning, Vera, Nice to meet you.
Kate, I know you’Ve been a stewardess for more than one year. And I’ll have an interview on stewardess tomorrow. Can you tell me some etiquette about the interview?
Of course. First you should do up your long hair and do make up but not too thick.
Is there anything else I should pay attention to?
Yes, when you attend the interview, you should pay attention to your manner, style of conversation and expression. You should keep smiling always, being polite when you talk with the interviewer. Don't move from time to time when you sit there. And you also should know how to use eye contact.
Thank you, I've learned so much from you.
That’s all right. Hope you can do better tomorrow.

Can you fix me a cup of tea, Johnny?
Well... uh... how about a glass of juice instead?
No. I'd like tea. Can you put it in my favorite cup? You probably washed it...
Oh, yeah. Well, uh, about your mug... I'll find it...
Where are all the floral pattern plates? And dad's Yankee's mug?

Good morning, sir. May I help you?
Yes, I'd like to settle my bill.
Certainly sir. May I have your room key, please?
Sure. Here you are.
Just a moment, please. I'll draw up your bill for you... Thank you for waiting, sir. Your bill totals two thousand six hundred and fifty-eight yuan, including the phone and laundry.
That much?! Would you mind letting me have a look at it?
Not at all, sir. Here you are.
Thanks. Well, It seems to be right. How much is that in dollars, please?
Just a moment, sir. I'll calculate that for you. It comes to 305 dollars and 52 cents at today's exchange rate.
I see. OK. How would you like to make the payment?
In cash, please.
Here you are.
Thank you, sir... Here is your change. Could you check it, please? Thank you for choosing our hotel. I hope you enjoyed your stay.
By the way, please forward my mail to this address.
Certainly, sir. We hope you have a good trip.

Hi, Sam. I want to buy a pet. Do you have any ideas?
You really should go to Rachel's pet store.
why? anything special there?
it's more than special. You can find as many kinds of animals as you can put a name to and more.
Oh, really? are there any snakes?
snakes? there are even rodents and monkeys?! it's a world of exotic pets.
that's terrific. I can't wait to check it out.
Hang on. are you sure you want to keep a non-traditional pet?
why not? it's so cool.
but it will pose a risk to your health.
pardon?
i mean, most reptiles carry some harmful bacteria. they are likely to cause immune system problems.
well, I didn't realize that. I don't believe it's a good choice to keep those pets, especially for families with young children.
oh, I should have thought of my brother's baby girl. Maybe I'll just have a dog instead of an exotic pet.
yes, good luck, Maria.

I’m a new student. My name’s Robert. Nice to meet you.
My name’s Sophie. Are you French?
Yes, I’m. Are you French, too?
No, I’m not. What nationality are you?
I’m Italian. Are you a teacher?
No, I’m not. What’s your job?
I’m a keyboard operator. What’s your job?
I’m an engineer.

I can’t believe Obama is our President.
I am proud to know that he is our President.
You voted for him, right?
Did you vote for him, because I know that I did.
I did, too. I have nothing but faith in Obama.
Really? I’m sure he will help better America.
We do need some change in this country.
Our country is already changing as it is.
You’re absolutely right. I trust that he will take good care of our country.

Do you have a reservation, sir?
No, I’m afraid we don’t.
I’m sorry the restaurant is full now. You have to wait for about half an hour. Would you like to have a drink at the lounge until there’s a table available.
No, thanks, I’ll come back later. May I reserve a table for two?
Yes, of course. May I have your name, sir?
Bruce
By the way, can we have a table by the window?
we’ll try to arrange it, but I can’t guarantee sir.
That’s fine.
your table's ready, sir? Please step this way.

Do you have coffee shops in China, too?
Yes, of course. There are many tea houses and bars in China, too. People can drink, eat and relax at these places.
You like to go to these places, don’t you?
Yes, sometimes the music there is so beautiful. It is very romantic. I can stay there for hours.
Do you often go there alone?
No, I often go there with my friends.

Hi there?! I am looking for a new car. I have this old Ford Pinto that I would like to trade in.
I see. You are in luck this month because all of our models are on sale?! it is a perfect time to buy a new car since it’s the end of the year.
Perfect?!
I like this one.
That is the Ford Focus. A very light but powerful vehicle. It comes with dual side airbags, power steering and power windows, tinted windows and your choice of either automatic or manual transmission.
Sounds like a good car?! How many miles to the gallon?
It is a very fuel efficient vehicle giving you about 34 miles in the city and 40 on the highway.
That is really convenient. Especially now that fuel prices are so high?!
What’s under the hood?
A very powerful 2.5- liter turbocharged engine, Trust me, this car is fast?!
Now for the most difficult question. What is the price tag for this lovely vehicle?
Very affordable mam. You can take it out of this lot today with 0 % down payment and no interest for the first year?! You can test drive it now and we can sign the papers when we get back.
Great?! Let’s do it?!

I wonder if you could help me, I'm looking for a room.
Well, I have got a vacancy.
What sort of price are you asking?
Eight dolls fifty a week excluding laundry.
Would it be convenient to see the room?
Can you call back later? We're right in the middle of lunch.

Could you give me an expense report? I would like to attach the invoices for my phone bill this season.
Here you are. Do you need glue?
That is very kind of you. I’m just running out of glue.
You’re welcome.

IBA, Jane speaking. How can I help you?
Hello. I'd like to speak to someone regarding my card.
Sorry, I'm not quite sure if I understand. In what way, Sir? Has your card been stolen?
No, no. Nothing at all like that. It's just that I applied for a credit card with you a while ago, my application was accepted, but I'm still waiting for my card.
Oh, I see, Sir. Well, it does take 5 working days to issue and post the card.
Yes, my application was accepted last Friday. Now it's Wednesday, that's more than 5 days.
Sorry, Sir, but it's 5 working days. This does not include weekends, so your card should be with you later this week.
Of course?! How silly of me?! Yes, 5 working days would mean this Friday, at the earliest.
I see. I'm sorry to trouble you.
It's no trouble at all, Sir. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nothing, thanks. I again apologise for the misunderstanding, bye for now.

What can I do for you, sir?
We'd like to order breakfast for tomorrow morning.
Yes, sir. What would you like?
Orange juice, scrambled eggs, bacon, toast and coffee.
OK, and when shall I bring it here?
About seven thirty.By the way, could you also bring me tomorrow's papers?
Of course, sir.

What shall we do when we find a shortage in the shipment?
You should do one of the two things - either to lodge a claim with the shipowner or with the insurance company.
Shall we leave it to the brokers?
Yes. They usually do it. Do they charge for that?
Of course. In Europe, they charge a commission of 1 % of the amount of the claim for their service.
Is it the same in America?
They do the work without charge to the importer. It's part of their service, isn't it?
Exactly. Is it enough to claim with an on board bill of lading?
No, you must also obtain a statement from the shipping agent certifying that the goods were actually loaded on their vessel for shipment.
I see. By the way, how do we prove the ownership of our goods?
You must provide full original set of ocean bills of lading original insurance policy or certificate and the original commercia invoice.
I see. Thank you.
You are welcome.

I'll be on business for a couple of days, could you take care of your sister?
OK, Mum, when will you be back?
I'll be back in ten days.

Passport, please, madam.
Just a minute, please. It's in my bag. Here it is.
Thank you. Please fill out the Baggage Declaration Form.
All right. Shall I enter all my belongings?
No, only the articles listed on the Declaration.

I’m hungry, let’s go grab a bite to eat.
Yeah me too.
Oh?! Can we stop at the shop really fast? I lost my makeup bag at the airport and I want to pick up a few things.
Will you take long?
No?! Five minutes I promise?!
Come on?! We have been here for almost an hour?! I thought you said you were only going to get a few things?! How long does it take you to pick out a lipstick and some nail polish?!
Are you crazy? You have no idea what you are talking about?! Just for my eyes I have to get eye-liner, an eyelash curler, eye shadow, an eyebrow pencil and mascara. Then I need to get foundation, liquid foundation.
Whoa whoa whoa?! Are you nuts? How much is all this going to cost? I’m looking at the price at each one of these little things and it’s outrageous?! This is basically a crayon?!
What about you? You spend as much or more money on your razors, after shave, cologne and gel?! Not to mention how much you spend on clothes and...
Fine?! Get the stupid thirty dollar crayon?!

Can I borrow five bucks?
No?!
Come on?! I'll pay you back on Tuesday.
Last time I lent you money, you never paid me back.
I promise if you lend me five dollars today, I will repay you in full next week.
Ok, but I'm taking your skateboard as collateral.
Fine?! I can't believe you don't trust me.
It's nothing personal, just business.

May I help you, sir?
Yes, please. I'm looking for a cotton polo shirt.
Any particular colour?
Not really. How about this one?
I like the design, but don't particularly care for the colour. Do you have that in other colours, too?
Well, they come in white, pale yellow, aqua, red and green. Will a white one do?
Yes. I prefer white - and may I see a pale yellow one, too?
Why, of course. Let's see... White... Pale yellow. Here you are, sir.

I’m so surprised to meet you in this remote village. Long time no see.
Yeah. How are you these days?

You look terrific and in good shape.
Thank you. How do you keep fit?
I do yoga twice a weeks
Yoga? It sounds interesting.
It was hard at the beginning, but now feel it's really relaxing. It makes me flexible.
Anything else?
Yes, I often go swimming. Are you interested in swimming?
Yes, I like it very much.

Are you going home now?
No, I'm not. What are you going to do? Are you going to work late?
No, I'm not. I'm going to look for an apartment.
An apartment? Why?
I'm going to try to find a place near the office.
Where are you living now?
Out in the suburbs. It's a long trip to work every day.
How are you going to find an apartment?
I'm going to buy a newspaper and check the classified ads.
Apartments in the city are expensive.
I know, but I'm going to enroll in a night school to take a course in business management.

no, no, you helped me with my computer last week. I want to repay the favor.
no, it's definitely my turn to treat you... you paid last time?!
oh, that was just a quick bite to eat---that doesn't count?!
ok, ok, how about we just go Dutch?
It's settled.
Listen, I'm still pretty new around here, would it be alright if you found the restaurant?
ok... sure.

I am waiting for a fax but just now I found there’s something wrong with the fax machine.
What’s wrong with the fax machine? Is it urgent?
Yes, very urgent. And there is no other fax machine around. And the office of our boss is closed, so I can not use his machine either. And his secretary is out. Do you have any suggestion?
Either call this extension number 0085 or ask them to send the fax to you as e-mail, you print it out.

Hey, Jim. It's time to wake up and get out of bed.
Do I have to get up now?
You'd better get up, or you'll be late.
What're you talking about? My alarm even hasn't gone off yet.
Yes, it did. It went off thirty minutes ago. You slept right through it. You're like a dead person while you sleep.
I must have slept right through it.
Rise and shine?! Sleepyhead?!
Just let me sleep five more minutes.
The early bird gets the worm.
I know, I know. But I don't want any worms. Ha?! Ha?!
If you don't make an effort now, later on it'll be a lot tougher for you.

What shall we do tonight?
How about the cinema?
That's a good idea. We haven't seen a film for ages. What would you like to see?
Oh I don't know. Titanic?
Titanic? That old film? but I've seen it before?!

I’Ve been told you might have a vacant room.
Yes. I have a spare room.
How much are you asking?
10.00 dollars a night.
Could I see the room, please?
Sure.Come on in.

Sit down, please. What's wrong with you?
I feel cold, and I'm shivering. I have a terrible headache and a sore throat.
How long have you been like that?
About a day.
Let me have a look at your throat first. Please open your mouth and say " ah ".
Ah... And show me your tongue... Thank you. That'll do. You have slight tonsillitis, and your throat is inflamed. How is your appetite?
Not so good. Now, let me take your temperature. Please put this thermometer under your armpit and let me feel your pulse? Your pulse is weak.
Do I have a temperature, doctor?
Yes, you have a high fever. I'd like to give you a blood test.

Yikes?! What was that noise?
I had to blow my nose.
Did you have to blow right next to the phone? Did you hear that?
Of course I heard that. I thought a plane had crashed into your house.
It wasn't that loud.
I will blow my nose sometime for you, and you'll see.
Okay. I'll take your word for it. I thought you had an elephant in your house.
You're funny.
What did you say? I think I've gone deaf.
I'm going into the bathroom to blow my nose. I'll be right back.

Can I have the check please?
Right away, sir.
Is this amount correct?
Yes, sir, it is.
Thank you, the service was good
Please come again.

Nowadays fewer and fewer people go to the movie theaters to see films. So I am afraid that the film studios are really getting hard time to survive.
What you said is true. But the film producers there are more flexible ways to get more audience. For example, to make more movie Ccds, so people will spend money buying them. But it is true that cinemas are losing the attraction they used to have in the past.
Yes. Take myself for example. I seldom go to cinemas, but it doesn't mean I no longer see films ; instead, I see films at home-watching Ccds.

Okay, well I’m sure you have a number of questions to ask me regarding the position.
Yes, well Miss Childs did give mean overview of the position over the phone, but there were some details I’d like to clarify.
Well feel free to ask me anything, and I’ll try to fill in the details. Could I first ask about the remuneration package?
Yes, of course. That’s quite an important point, isn’t it? As a junior sub editor we offer a starting salary of 150,000 HK dollars per annum. This doesn’t include a generous housing allowance also.
I understand. And are there other bonuses included?
Well, apart from full health insurance we do offer a company staff bonus scheme linked to readership numbers. But we could go through all the details of that at a later date.
Well, Mr. Parsons, I am flexible when it comes to salary. The opportunity to work in Hong Kong for you is the most important thing for me.
Excellent. Well, what other questions do you have Rebecca?

We need to take the accounts system offline to carry out the upgrade. But don't worry, it won't cause too much inconvenience. We're going to do it over the weekend.
How long will the system be down for?
We'll be taking everything offline in about two hours' time. It'll be down for a minimum of twelve hours. If everything goes according to plan, it should be up again by 6 pm on Saturday.
That's fine. We've allowed forty-eight hours to be on the safe side.

Welcome to IBA. Can I help you?
Yes, please. I'm here for an International Settlement. Our company has to effect payment, and it needs to be done today. Here's the advice slip for the payment.
Thanks. I'm sorry to say that you need to get this stamped. There is no stamp on this slip and it is essential before I can process it for you.
I see. So, I need to stamp it. And sign it too?
Yes, that's right. Down here, at the bottom right hand corner to show that you agree to pay the printed amount.
I'll go back to the office and get it sorted and pop back later.
Thanks, bye for now.

That's the warehouse where the large items of office equipment are stored. If I ordered a desk today, how would it be before I got delivery in Scotland?
Well, I think perhaps you'd better speak to our Production Manager, Mr. Yao. You'll meet him when we go over to the factory.

Excuse me. I have just missed the connection plane due to the heavy fog in London. Can I change my ticket now?
Please Show your ticket and passport.
Here you are.
Which flight do you want to change?
The next one to my destination. I have to be there as soon as possible.

Hi, can I speak with the apartment manager, please?
Hello, this is the apartment manager speaking.
I'm calling about the apartment for rent on Main Street.
Would you be interested in seeing the apartment?
I would love to see it.
Are you free today at around 6 p. m.?
Yes, I will be able to make it then.
Well, I'll see you at 6 p. m. Do you know how to get there?
I used to live in that area.
I'll give you an application form when I see you.
That sounds good. Do I need to bring anything?
No. Just bring yourself.

Good afternoon. Welcome to China. May I see your passport, customs and health declaration form?
Yes, here you are.
Thank you. W hat's your occupation, Mr. Smith?
I'm the general manager of the Far-East Industry Corporation. You are here on business, aren't you?
Yes, I have been invited by the East Import
I see. Do you have anything to declare?
Yes, I have some foreign currency to declare.
Would you please fill out this currency declaration form? It's a record of the foreign currency you have brought in.
All right.

How much does it cost for a bus pass?
It'll be $ 65 for a monthly pass.
Is there anything cheaper than that?
If you're in school, you can get a student pass.
Well, I am how much will that cost?
The pass is free.
I don't have to pay for anything?
You'll only have to pay for the monthly sticker.
How much is the monthly sticker?
It's $ 24 for each month.
I'll take the student bus pass.
Okay, I'll get you one.

I see there are some workmen on the site. When is the building work due to start?
Well, it'll take three weeks to demolish the old building and clear away the debris. We should be ready to start the construction work in week 23.
How long will the sub contractors be on site?
About ten weeks in total if everything goes according to plan.
I'm sure it will.
So, we should be able to start moving the machinery in during week 34.
I'll confirm that date with our suppliers.

Andrew's Hair Salon, this is Andrew.
Andrew, this is Linda Chen.
Hi Linda, what can I do for you?
I need to set up an appointment to get my hair fixed.
For what day?
Tuesday morning.

Have you bought a bus pass yet?
I'm not getting one.
Why is that?
It's cheaper if I don't buy one.
Buying a bus pass will save you money. How do you figure that?
There's no limit to how often you can use your bus pass.
Really? Plus, you don't have to use change for the bus anymore.
I like that.
You want to buy one now?
I'm going to.

Are you ready to order, sir?
Yes, I would like a roast duck and my friend wants steaks.
How do you like your steaks?
I'd like it medium-well.
OK, sir, wait a minute.

Hello, I want to know how much it costs to have a manicure and pedicure.
Usually it's 60 dollars for a manicure, and 80 dollars for a pedicure. But with this special discount, the total for both is only one hundred and 20 dollars, and you can get them painted.
That's nice. I'd like to give it a try. I think I like passion red. please.
Alright.Do you want your cuticles cut, too?
No. Would you like the shapes square or round?
Square. But with round at the edges, please.
All right, it's done. Please follow me to the drying section. How long will it take to get them dry?
Ten or about five minutes. You'll be all set.
I see, thank you.

Hello, this is Lucy. May I speak to Mr. Smith?
Oh, hello, Lucy. What's up?
I'm afraid I can't come to work today, Mr. Smith.
Oh, what's wrong with you?
I've got a fever and a very sore throat.
Well, you sound ill over the phone.
Yes. I have to stay in bed today, but I'll be able to come tomorrow.
That's all right. Have a good rest until you feel well enough.
Thank you, Mr. Smith. Goodbye.
Goodbye, Lucy.

Waiter, we have been waiting for 20 minutes. Would you mind hurrying?
I am sorry, sir, the fish you ordered will take a longer time because we make it with fresh fish.
That's fine. Would you please bring me some wine?
Sure, is dry white wine OK?
Yes.
Thank you.

Hi Bob, I won't be in work tomorrow.
Why, what's the problem?
I have a dentist appointment.
Okay.

I've come about your wools. According to our market survey, wools are likely to find a ready market in our country.
Wonderful?! We can meet your requirements and the offer is ready for you. Here it is. The unit price is USD 15.00 per kilogram.
Do you quote CIF or FOB?
It's FOB Shanghai. Could you quote the price of CIF Hamburg?
Certainly, that's easy. We will work out our CIF offer this evening. Could you come again tomorrow, say, at 10 AM?
Okay, see you tomorrow?!

Hi?! Do you want a fill-up?
Yes, please. Which type of gas do you want? Regular, Super, or Premium Unleaded?
What's the price difference?
Regular is $ 1.15, Super is $ 1.25 and Premium is $ 1.39.
Just fill it up with Regular, Unleaded, please. Do you want me to check the tires and the fluids?
Yes, I would. Thanks a lot.

Is your father in the habit of having naps?
Yes, all of us have naps.
Don't you feel dizzy when you have to get up?
No, not at all.

Excuse me. I need some storybooks in easy English. Do you have anything likethat?
Well, there are a lot of storybooks upstairs in our children's section. Some are written for young children, others for teens. Maybe some of them will suit your needs.
I'll go take a look. Thanks for your help.
You're welcome.

Good morning. I need to speak with the property manager, please.
Good morning. You are speaking to the property manager.
While it was raining last night, water started leaking in from the ceiling.
Was it leaking in the bedroom?
It was in the living room.
Can you tell me which floor you are on?
We are on the bottom floor.
I would like to look at the leak. Will you be home this morning?
Yes, someone will be here to let you in.
Just in case you have to leave, we will just use the master key.

How much is your last salary?
I have earned 10,000 a year including bonuses.
How much do you want us to pay you?
I like to be paid more than that. Hopefully, 150,000 a year.
To be honest, I left the company to get more income.

I hope you can help. I've got a bit of a problem with your ATM.
Of course, that's my job. Oh, dear. What's happened?
Well, it's eaten my card?! It won't give it back?!
I see... calm down, don't worry. May I ask what were you doing when it took your card?
Yes. I was only entering my PIN. I'm terrible at remembering it, I'm so forgetful, you see.
Mmmm... and exactly how many times did you enter it, please?
Maybe three times. As I said, I always forget it.
Ah?! Don't worry ; it's just a security measure. If someone uses a card and cannot get the right PIN after three attempts, the bank keeps the card in case it's stolen. Just contact the bank and we'll get it back to you.
Oh, I see. So if I call my branch they can sort everything out for me?
Yes, they'll be happy to help. Believe me, it happens to many people.
I'd better try harder to memorise my PIN in future. Thanks.

Is this the counter to pick up parcels?
Yes, it is. I want to pick up my parcels.
Please show me your parcel order.
OK. Here you are.
Let me check your parcel number. Song Ping's parcel number should be CP 06230221 5 CN.
Here is your parcel.
Thank you.
Not at all.

Hi Brittany. What are you doing with all of your clothes on your bed?
I'm trying to decide what to wear to school the first day.
Oh, A. Mom didn't tell you?
Didn't tell me what?
What? This Bs' school you're going to is going to make your life easy.
What are you talking about brother? Spill it.
Uniforms, sis, no more worrying about appearances?!
You mean I have to wear the same thing every day?
MOM?!

What would you like for your main dish?
Steak, please.
How would you like it?
Medium rare, please.
Anything else, sir? May I have a glass of red wine, please?
Of course.

Mr. Smith, do you like the hotel we booked?
Yes, we do. We like it very much.
I've come to make sure that your stay in Beijing is a pleasant one.
Thank you so much.

David, we have been doing business for three years, haven't we?
Yes, I'm glad we've had very pleasant cooperation in the previous years.
And your achievement for promoting our clothes was great in the three years. So, I wish to apply for the sole agency of your product in our local market. If you give us the agency, that will be more substantial for our cooperation.
To be frank, you are not the only one who applies for an agent for us in your country. I'd like to know some ideas of terms on which you would be willing to operate as our agent.
As we are a well-established company, we are very familiar with the customers' needs. Besides, we can make full use of our good connections with the wholesalers and retailers here and develop a good market for your products if appointed as your agent.
Sounds reasonable. I will tell my boss about you agent application. Another question, what do you think is the minimum annual sales you can guarantee?
To be on the safe side, and for garment of all materials, sizes, and styles, I think the amount will be 50,000 pieces a year.
Well. As our sole agency, you will neither handle the same or similar products of other origins nor re-export our goods to any other area outside your own.
No, certainly not.

Excuse me. I bought this circulator here yesterday but it doesn't work.
Oh, let's see what's wrong.

Where can I find the produce?
Aisle A is where you'll find all the produce.
What sales do they have today?
I'm sure something is on sale. Please check with the produce person.

Hello, this is Steven from Blue Sky Co. May I speak to Mr. James?
Speaking.
Excuse my troubling you. You purchased our products last year and now I am following up to find out about their workings. Are they still in good condition now?
Yeah, exactly?! I bought them last year. En... at present, they are still in good state.
That's it?! All of them have first-class quality and performance. Besides, we adopt advanced technology. Now we have developed new products. They are much better than what you have bought.
Your company is developing so fast. Maybe later on I will plan to buy more.
That's great?! Thanks for your support. If any, please remember to call us.
I am afraid I have to say goodbye now?!
Bye, Mr. James?!
Bye?!

Ms.Dawson, I need you to take a dictation for me.
Yes, sir... This should go out as an intra-office memorandum to all employees by this afternoon.Are you ready?
Yes, sir.Go ahead.
Attention all staff... Effective immediately, all office communications are restricted to email correspondence and official memos.The use of Instant Message programs by employees during working hours is strictly prohibited.
Sir, does this apply to intra-office communications only? Or will it also restrict external communications?
It should apply to all communications, not only in this office between employees, but also any outside communications.
But sir, many employees use Instant Messaging to communicate with their clients.
They will just have to change their communication methods. I don't want any - one using Instant Messaging in this office.It wastes too much time?! Now, please continue with the memo.Where were we?
This applies to internal and external communications.
Yes.Any employee who persists in using Instant Messaging will first receive a warning and be placed on probation.At second offense, the employee will face termination.Any questions regarding this new policy may be directed to department heads. Is that all?
Yes.Please get this memo typed up and distributed to all employees before 4 pm.

Do you have everything?
Let's see... my ID card, my passport, and my suitcase. I'm pretty sure I've got everything.

This is Dunlin. Is this Mrs Smith speaking?
Yes, what can I do for you?
I just want to call and say thank you for letting me interview yesterday.
You are welcome, Mr. Sun.
And I also want to know what the status is of the position.
Sorry, we haven't made the decision at all. But we should be making the decision by the end of this week. And we'll get in touch with you once we make it.
Do you have any questions we didn't cover in the interview?
No. Thank you, I am looking forward to hearing from you. Bye-bye.
Thank you for the calling. Bye-bye.

I often sneeze after having a bad itch inside my nose. Sometimes this is accompanied by an itching throat.
Any other discomfort?
Yes. Sometimes I can notice a constriction in the chest and shortness of breath after a fit of sneezing. And I often suffer from a running nose with a profuse watery discharge.
Does it occur seasonally or all year round?
It has been seasonal during these past three years.
Are you sensitive to other things?
Yes, things like seafood and penicillin-type drugs.
OK. Let me examine your nose. According to your case history and the examination, I believe that it's allergic rhinitis.
What useful treatment can you offer?
I'll give you a series of specific skin tests. Then we'll know exactly what substances you're allergic to. Then I'll give you some causes of desensitization therapy.

Miss, would you like to try this free sample of our new suntan cream?
Sure, why not?
This is a new product of company this year. It's oil-free.
I see. It feels very light on the skin.
It gives your skin a very natural healthy look. I like the cool smell, too.

So how can I make it?
First you make a list of what you wanna buy...
But I’Ve gotta have the budge before anything else.
Well, that’s a problem, isn’t it?

Did you have a part-time job when you were still in school?
No, I was way too busy studying all the time. How about you?
Yeah, I worked about twenty hours a week in a pizza restaurant.
What was that like?
It was always very busy there. What did you do?
I stood behind the register and took pizza orders.
Did you get any perks on the job?
Yeah, I got to eat as much pizza as I could for free.

Okay. I'd like to change some euro into US dollars, please.
Sure. How much would you like to change?
Six hundred euro.
Very good. May I see your passport?
Here you are.
How would you like your bills?
In fifties please.

Why are you reading the classifieds? What do you need?
I'm looking for a bookcase, but I don't want to buy a new one.
Are you having any luck?
Not really. There aren't any used bookcases listed. But there are a few rummage sales on Saturday. I think I'll go to them.
Do you mind if I go with you?
Not at all. These private sales are great places to bargain. And sometimes you can find terrific things among all the junk.
I learned to negotiate from my mother. I thought I was pretty good at bargaining, but I had a problem the other day at Kimble's Department Store.
What happened?
I wanted to buy a beautiful wool sweater for my girlfriend. It was priced at forty dollars, so I started by offering the salesclerk thirty.

Do you do a lot of your shopping online?
Not really. I like looking on the internet at what’s available, but I usually prefer to actually see and touch what I’m buying before I pay for it. Sometimes, I’ll look at something in a shop, but lat No. I’m a little worried about security. You never know who’s trying to find out your codes and passwords. Aren’t you worry about that?
Not really. I know that it happens, but if you buy from reputable companies with secure websites, you should be ok.
Even though I use online shopping facilities, I don’t think it’s the best way to sho
I’m surprised to hear you say that. I thought you loved anything technological.
I do. I’m a big fan of using new technology, but I don’t want to sit in front of a computer screen all day. I think people need to get out and interact with other people. So, how about coming to the department store with me? I want to see if there are any new summer clothes on sale yet.
Sure. I’d love to join you. Can we stop by the computer store? I just want to see if they have something.
Sure. While you’re in the computer store. I will visit the book store opposite. I like to browse through their books and see if they have anything interesting.
Ok. I’Ve finished online. Let’s go.
I’ll just get some money and my credit card.
Thanks for reminding me. I had forgotten to get mine.

Please help yourself at your dishes. I hope you’ll enjoy what you’Ve got.
It suits my taste. You are really a good cook.
Would you like to try my special recipe?
Wow, let me try. It tastes nice.
How did you make it?
It’s as easy as pie. I always follow recipes.

Mr. Dick. Does the recommendation of the university play an important role?
Yes. In fact, the recommendation letter written by the university is an indirect self-recommendation. In the long period of cooperation, the university has established good relationship with the companies or organizations, they trust each other well. If your university recommends you, you can be approved more easily.
But I find that most of the recommendation letters written by universities are the same. So I doubt its authority.
More and more persons have the same discoveries since most universities do that in order to save energy. If your university also does like this, you can look for other methods, because such kinds of recommendations say nothing for you. Could you tell me whether or not I send out my resume with it?
It depends. If it has something special or useful, I suggest you send it out.

Taylor, can you tell me how to apply for a job on the Internet?
Just fill out an application. Do I have to send an E-mail?
You are expected to know the E-mail address of the unit.
But I still don't know which unit is in need of staff. Send out an application through Job-wanted on the website.
Can any unit see my information?
It's a two-way choice. And your application will be read.
Which websites offer this service?
Sina, 21st Century Talent Net, and a few others.
Thank you.

Don’t throw your weight around. I can’t bear you any more.
I dare you to say that again.

Were you a leader when you were in college?
Yes. I was Propaganda department minister of our university.
Did you get any honors or awards at your university?
No. It’s a pity about it. Were you involved in any club activities at your university?
Yes. I was a member of the basketball Society. I like playing basketball.
What extracurricular activities did you usually take part in at your college?
I sometimes played basketball and sometimes played football.

You want to argue your ticket today?
Yes. That is why I'm here.
Tell me your argument.
I was pulled over for allegedly speeding.
Are you sure you weren't speeding?
To be honest, I really wasn't. What speed were you going?
I was under the speed limit. I was going 35, when the speed limit was 40.
I'm just going to let you go, since the arresting officer isn't here.
What about my ticket? Do I still need to pay?
Don't worry about it.
I'm so glad for your help.

Annie, do you like shopping online?
Yes, I like it, because it's convenient. Last week, I tried to buy a new cellphone online, but I didn't know how to pay for it.
First, you should open an account at the online bank. After that, you can buy anything you want online.
Are there many things online?
Sure. You can find everything all over the world. Let's check it out online?!
( They log in a shopping website. ) That's amazing. Oh, an on line virtual supermarket? Let's click to check it out. Oh, I got it. It simulates the real supermarket, which makes it feel so real.
Mom will love it. She loves shopping in supermarkets.

Ah, Bob. Just the person I wanted to see.
So what is it?
You gotta help me out this time, buddy.
Another tough thing, I guess.

Hey?! What happened??! My song was only half way through and it skipped to the next song.
I don't know what happened?! You cancelled the song, didn't you, Jack?
No, I didn't.
Really?! Then, is the machine broken or...

Good evening, Do you have a reservation?
Yes. The reservation under Mr. Watson.
Ah, yes, a table for four at 8 Em, no, thanks. I think we'll go straight to the table, By the way. may I check my overcoat here?
Certainly, sir. We'll keep it in the cloakroom for you. Here is your number. When you leave, show it to the waiter behind the counter, please.
Thank you. Could you show us to our table now? Would you please follow me, please?
Thank you. This is your table. It's Number 10.

Hello, ma’am. Can I help you? I’m looking for a sweater.
What size are you looking for?
Well, I’m looking for size 10 but you don’t have it.
How about this one? I think it looks terrific on you.
Yes, I like the color. Can I try it on?
Sure. The fitting room is on your right.
It fits well. I like it a lot. What do you think?
You look pretty in red.
Oh, it’s my favorite. How much is it?
$ 29.99.
Okay. I’ll take it. Thank you very much for your help.
You’re welcome.

Do you have any cars available?
We have only one mid-size car left.
Great, what's the rate per day?
It's 40 $ plus tax per day on limited mileage.
I'm going to need it for three days. Can I see your driver's license?
Sure, here is my driver's license.
Please sign here.

Are you ready to order? I think that we have a pretty good idea of what we would like to order.
Let me tell you about the specials of the day, which are chicken in a wine sauce with capers, and grilled garlic shrimp.
I was wondering if the chef could leave off the sauce.
The chef would be happy to accommodate your special requests.
I am a vegetarian. Do you have any vegetarian selections?
You could choose the roasted vegetable and garlic pizza or the goat cheese and candied walnut salad.
I think that we will split the roasted vegetable and garlic pizza.
That is a good selection, and I can bring your salads now or serve them with your entree.
You can bring us our salads when you bring us our entree.

I can't open this email attachment our Paris office has sent me. Are you sure you're using the right program?
Well, yes it's definitely the same program but I might have the wrong version. Their system is newer than ours.
That's why you can't open it. You'll have to upgrade before you can read the file.

What kind of character do you think you have?
Generally speaking, l am an open-minded person.
What is your strongest trait?
Cheerfulness and friendliness.
How would your friends or colleagues describe you?
They say Mr. Sun is a friendly, sensitive, caring and determined person.
What personality do you admire?
I admire a person who is honest, flexible and easy-going.
How do you get along with others?
I get on well with others.

Hi, I need to make an appointment to see the doctor.
What seems to be the problem?
I have a rash that I need a doctor to look at.
Do you have a fever with that rash?
No, it just itches a lot.
I have openings on Tuesday or Wednesday. Which would be best for you?
I need an appointment on Tuesday.
Fine, I am putting you down for 9
I would like to see Dr. Jones.
I can schedule you with him with no problem.
We look forward to seeing you.

Wow?! What's the hold up?
It’s probably just people trying to get an early start out of the city for the weekend. Nobody sticks around in the summer.
Really? Then, I guess I won’t have a hard time finding a room or getting a cab?
Actually, you might because there’s a big convention in town this weekend.
I’m not too worried about it. I always seem to find something.

Hello, how can I help you today?
I'd like to withdraw some money from my account.
Please fill out this slip stating how much you wish to withdraw.
Well, actually, it's quite a substantial amount. Here's my Bank Book. Will that cause a problem?
On your account there is no limit to over the counter withdrawals, it won't cause a problem.
Here's your money, 10,000 RIB. Please count it before you leave.
Yes, that seems to be all in order. Thanks very much.

Quality is very important to us. We work to very low tolerance levels. We need to have guaranteed supplies of consistently high quality raw materials. Over the years we've built up very good relationships with our suppliers.
Do you have many different suppliers?
Yes. There are about fifty names on our approved supplier list, but for raw materials we tend to deal with three local companies.

Mary, can you tell me how you keep in shape?
You'll never be in shape until you eat less and take more exercise. Now, tell me what you often eat.
I often eat fish and eggs. Do you eat a lot of vegetables?
Oh yes, and fruits. I love fruits very much.
What do you like to drink?
Well, I never drink alcohol, coffee or tea. Whatever would you like to drink?
I drink a lot of milk. I drink milk almost every day. How often do you exercise?
Well, I walk every day. It's a good diet and a regular exercise.
Yes, quite right.

I am sorry, but I cannot stay for the rest of class today.
Why do you need to leave early?
I don’t feel so good. What doesn’t feel right?
I feel as if I am going to be sick to my stomach.
Perhaps you should get checked out at the Student Health Center before you go home.
I have some medicine at home that I could take.
Are you going to be OK to drive home, or would you like someone to go with you?
Thank you, but my friend is in the library, and he can give me a ride home.
We hope that you are feeling better soon. E-mail me if you have any questions.

Your boyfriend is so considerate to you. When do you plan to marry?
It’s still up in the air. There is something wrong between us.

We're considering of ordering 200 computers, but I'm wondering about the price you'll possibly offer.
Our price will be not less than $ 5000.
Your price is higher than I expected. Could you give us a little discount?
This is already our best price. But the price is always negotiable and you should consider our quantity of order.
Well, what would you suggest? Could you make it $ 4500?
I'm afraid that there is no room to negotiate the price. This is the best price we can quote.
Can we meet each other half way?
What do you mean? Let's close the deal at $ 4800, OK?
You drive a hard bargain?! OK, that's a deal.

I'm now on the Songshan airport getting ready for departure. I realized that I might have left my watch.
Yes, Ma'am. May I have your name and room number?
My name is Terry. I stayed last night in your hotel in room 132. What kind of watch is it?
It's a brand-new Seiko wrist watch.
Yes, we have it.
Oh, I'm glad to hear that. Would you kindly send it to the Hilton Hotel?

What are your thoughts on the apartment?
I think that it’s absolutely gorgeous.
There aren’t any problems with the apartment?
I think that the apartment looks very nice, but I do see some problems.
What problems?
I did notice a few stains in the carpet.
We will have the carpet cleaned before you move in.
You will?
Yes, but other than that, are there any more problems?
That was the only thing that I saw that was wrong with the apartment.
I’m happy that you find this apartment so appealing.
It is. I love it.

That China-gown of Tang-Dynasty style is so beautiful. Would you show it to me, please?
Absolutely. Here it is.
Could I try it on?
Please do, the fitting-room is over there.
It feels a little tight around the waist. Do you have a bigger one?
I'm sorry. We don't have this color in your size. We have some green ones in your size. Would you please have a look at this green one?
OK. How much does it cost?
It's 486 yuan.
Mmm, it is reasonable.

Mrs. Wang, would you give us an idea of the price you regard as workable?
As I said before, your price is so high that we find it difficult to make a bid. We hope you will take the initiative and bridge the gap.
Just to comply, we're ready to reduce the price by 5 percent. I hope this concession of ours will get the ball rolling.
So do we. Certainly it's a step forward on your side. But the gap is still too wide.
The ball is in your court, Mrs.Wang. What price would you suggest?
To make your offer workable, I think you should take another step down as big as the one you've just taken.
That won't do. You see, our profit margin is very narrow. It simply can't stand such a big cut.
I hate to disappoint you, Mr. Brown, but if that's the case, we have no alternative but to cover our requirements elsewhere.
Do think it over, please. We sincerely hope our discussion will come to a successful conclusion.
Well, I'm not authorized to agree to such a big reduction. Would you mind waiting a day or two, until I get a reply from the home office?
Not at all. Shall we meet again, say, on Friday morning?
Good. Friday morning at 9.

Good morning. Good morning.This is Mary.Can I speak to Anne please?
I’m sorry She isn’t in at the moment. She will come back at half past nineCan I take a message for her?
Thank you.But I will call her later
OK.Goodbye.
Goodbye.

Hi, Jane. How are you doing this morning?
I’m all right, thanks. Just a little tired.
Late night?
Yeah, I got home around two.

We've been waiting here for nearly ten minutes now, and there still isn't a bus in sight. I'm afraid we'll be late for the party. Have you got the time, Tom?
Yes, my watch says a quarter to seven. but there is something wrong with my watch?!
But you bought it only last month.
Yes, but ever since I bought it, it gains about five minutes a day, so I' Ve got to have it repaired.
How long will it take us to get there?
I think about ten minutes by bus.
It's not far away, then. Let's walk, it's beginning to rain.
Wait?! I think I see a bus coming now.
Let's hope it's the No. 22 bus.

Hi, Mr. Smith. I'm Doctor Hawkins. Why are you here today?
I found it would be a good idea to get a check-up.
Yes, well, you haven't had one for 5 years. You should have one every year.
I know. I figure as long as there is nothing wrong, why go see the doctor?
Well, the best way to avoid serious illnesses is to find out about them early. So try to come at least once a year for your own good.
Ok. Let me see here. Your eyes and ears look fine. Take a deep breath, please. Do you smoke, Mr. Smith?
Yes.
Smoking is the leading cause of lung cancer and heart disease, you know. You really should quit.
I've tried hundreds of times, but I just can't seem to kick the habit.
Well, we have classes and some medications that might help. I'll give you more information before you leave.
Ok, thanks doctor.

Good afternoon. Mr. Tylor's office?
I'm afraid you've got the wrong extension.
I'm sorry, but could you please transfer this call to Mr. Tylor's office?
Sure, please hold on.
Thank you. Now Mr. Tylor's on the line. Go ahead, please.
You are so kind, you helped me a lot.
You are welcome. Bye?!

Good afternoon, Lexington Software. Angelina Dawson, how can I help?
Hello, this is Quinn from IBA.
Ah, hello Quinn. Oh dear, you are calling to tell me there is a problem, aren't you?
I'm afraid so, yes.
Hmm... well, it was my first attempt?! Is it a very big mistake, or can we just alter it?
Unfortunately it's rather a big mistake.
What do you recommend we do?
I would recommend we scrap this one and you bring in another set as soon as possible.
I trust your judgement. Thank you, Quinn. I'll be back tomorrow with a new set. Bye for now.

Oh?!?!?! I have a horrible toothache.
You should go to the dentist.
I hate dentists.
Well, suffer then. If you have a toothache, you have to go to the dentist. It always hurts.
I hate going.
Stop being such a baby. If it really hurts that much, just let them knock you out.
O. K., O. K., I’ll go.
Good. You'll feel better after you do.

Hi, I would like to purchase a one way ticket to Brussels, please.
Certainly sir, this is our train schedule. We have an express train departing every morning and an overnight train that departs at nine pm.
How long does it take to get there?
About twelve hours. We currently have tickets available only for first class on the express train. If you’d like, you can choose a sleeper on the overnight train which is a bit less expensive.
Yeah, I think that is the best option. Do you serve food on the train? Twelve hours is such a long time?!
Yes, of course. There is a dining car towards the front of the train where they serve meals at all times. We do provide complimentary water and coffee for all of our passengers.
Great?! I’ll take it. Here you are sir. Your train leaves from platform number nine at nine on the dot. Remember to be here at least thirty minutes before your scheduled departure time or else you might miss your train?!
I understand. Thank you very much?! Have a great trip.

I would like to take a trip to the beach this weekend.
A trip to the beach would be fun. How is the weather going to be?
The forecast says that it will be warm on the weekend.
So do you think it'll be perfect weather for the beach?
It sounds like it will be. I really hope it doesn't get cold. That would ruin things, I want to go so badly.
The weather in California is unpredictable, so you never know.
That is true. The weather is constantly changing. It would be nice if the weather would never change.
That would be great, then we could plan things sooner. True.
Predictable weather would make life easier.

Some companies use to ban dating among employees, but now they have realized it is something in avertable. People spend so much time at work. It is not surprising for one to have a crash on the other. If we think positively, office love can be beneficial to company.
Beneficial? I don’t think so. If two employees get married, they will leave at the same time for a honeymoon, or later one of them will stay at home taking care of babies. If they break up, the company will probably have to relocate one of them to make the workplace more comfortable. By any means, the company must spare extra efforts to solve problems brought by an office dating.
But if two employees are in love, they will be happy. Happy people are more productive. If they develop an intimate relation with each other, they are willing to share knowledge and experience. It can help to improve work efficiency.
I doubt that.

Do you eat a lot of healthy food?
Compared with healthy food, unhealthy food just tastes so much better. And anyway, I believe if you live a low stress Life and are active, you can get away with eating whatever you like. It's all in the mind.
You have the point. I think cancer is caused by more worry than by the things we consume. Some good things you should try are cranberry juice, wild rice and yoghurt.
What's special about these things?
Cranberry juice is very good for destroying harmful bacteria in your guts because it's very acidic. Wild rice is high in fibre so it's good for your guts and it's high in protein and minerals-I think it's also tastier than normal rice. Yoghurt's good because it's also rich in protein, vitamins and is also acidic. People have been making yoghurt for thousands of years and if you have it every day, your guts will be much more settled.
Thanks. I'm going to follow your advice and pop down to the supermarket right now.

I've been so tired recently. I've been trying, but I don't think I'm up to this job.
You need to take a break, maybe a vacation. Oh, yes, indeed. I've run out of steam.
To be honest, I want to be in a different environment.
Is that so?
Yes, I don't want to be stuck in a rut. I want to move on.
Have you decided?
Yes. I want to get a better job.
Could you tell me why you want to quit?
I quit just because of the dissatisfying salary and the trouble in getting along with my colleagues.
Oh, that's terrible. Do you want to get a higher salary in our company?
I'm afraid not. I've promised my girlfriend. We'll travel southwards to find a job that offers higher pay.
OK, I'd like to say that I've really enjoyed working with you. However, I think you should work harder for your new job and then you can ask for higher pay.
Thank you so much for your advice. And every best wish for your new job.
Thank you.

The train is leaving. Hurry up?! Which car are we in?
Let me see. Oh, No. 11. Here we are, Car 11. Let's get in.
Seats No. 20 and 21. It’s nice that we’Ve got a window seat.
Let's put our suitcases on the rack.
Oh, the baggage rack is full. Put them under the seat for the time being.
All right.

So, how should we get to the theatre? Let's take the bus.
I hate the bus system in London?! The bus drivers are rude, the buses are never on time, and there are few people around who can help you.
It's not that bad. You probably just had a bad experience once.
It wasn't just once. Every single time I take the bus, something bad happens to me or to someone else on the bus.
We could take the subway, but we'd have to go three stops along one line and then change trains twice. Train fares are twice as expensive as the bus fare, too.
If we don't hurry up, we'll miss the show. Should we take the bus?
We're already late, so I think we had better take a taxi.
I don't think we'll be able to find a taxi very easily during hush hours. Let's just take the bus.
Fine. Have a look at the timetable to find out when the next one arrives.
It looks like it should be here in just a few minutes. don't worry. Nothing bad will happen. I'll even buy your ticket for you.
Thanks, that was nice of you.
See, now something good has happened to you on a bus trip?!

Let's go over this plan again. From Vancouver, we bike along the border all the way to Winnipeg. And that is mostly flat, right?
Relatively, once we're out of Alberta, anyway. Then it's hills again in Aitoba.
And from Winnipeg we go around the lakes through Toronto, right?
That's right. And up in to Quebec. And that's where we stop.
It doesn't sound like that much when we go over the plan but that's a long, long ride. Are you ready for the cross country of a lifetime?

Good morning, sir. What can I do for you?
I'm Bill. I'm in Room 908. Can you change the room for me? It's too noisy. My wife was woken up several times by the noise the baggage elevator made. She said it was too much for her.
I'm awfully sorry, sir. I do apologize. Room 908 is at the end of the corridor. It's possible that the noise is heard early in the morning when all is quiet.
Anyhow, I'd like to change our room.
No problem, sir. We'll manage it, but we don't have any spare room today. Could you wait till tomorrow? The American People-to-people Education Delegation will be leaving tomorrow morning. There'll be some rooms for you to choose from.
All right. I hope we'll be able to enjoy our stay in a quiet suite tomorrow evening and have a sound sleep.
Be sure. I'll make a note of that. Everything will be taken care of. And if there is anything more you need, please let us know.

It's time for bed.
I'm not ready to go to sleep. I'm not tired.
It's quite late, and you have an early day tomorrow.
I'm not going to be able to fall asleep.
Why don't you try counting sheep?
I've tried that before. It really doesn't work.
That's beside the point, you still need to go to bed.
Why can't I just stay up until I fall asleep?
If I let you do that, then you're just going to be up all night.
I promise I'll go to sleep soon.
No, you're going to sleep now, so good night.
See you in the morning.

I see myself as being honest, diligent, persevering and creative. And I have a strong sense of responsibility.
How about your psychological resilience?
I think I can work well under pressure, if necessary.
How would you deal with those who are not easy to get along with?
I will just be sincere and friendly to others, and I believe they will treat me the same way.
You seem to be a kind-hearted lady.
Thank you. I simply believe the goodness of human nature.
Please tell me your weaknesses if you can.
I should admit that sometimes I care too much about the details. I am always in pursuit of perfection.

Karen? I need to go over a few things with you.
Certainly. Mr. Graham. When would you like to meet?
I was thinking about this afternoon, after the sales meeting.
Fine. At 3:30?

I believe we' Ve met before. My name's David.
Yes, at your company, I think. I'm Frank.
Oh, I remember now.Very nice to meet you again.
Nice meeting you, too.

I made my little brother cry.
Shame on you?!

I need some mascara. Do you have good thickening mascara?
Of course. Here is our thickening mascara. We also have mascara designed to lengthen the eyelashes.
Alright. And I want to consider your eye shadow too. Do you have a color chart can look at?
We have a very wide selection of colors. And our eye shadow is specially designed to moisturize the skin. So it is very gentle on your eyelids. Would you like to sample some?
Oh, sure I will need to clean off my own eye shadow first.
I can help you with that.
Thank you.

Is this the baggage claim area for flight KB256?
Yes, we are on the same plane.
But I am a transfer passenger. I have a connecting flight to Miami.
So you have to bring your baggage to the transfer check-in area.
Yes.It' s quite troublesome. Why not go and find a porter?

Billy, you don’t look too well. Maybe you should take the day off school.
But Mom?! Today we’re playing football?! I love football?!
You’Ve got a fever and playing football isn’t a good idea for a boy with a fever.
What’s that on your arm?
I don’t know. It was there when I woke up this morning.
It’s rash. I’d better take you to see the doctor.
How did you get that bruise on your leg?
I bashed it against the chair in my room.
Does it hurt?
A little, but not much. Here. Put this wet towel on your face to keep your temperature down. I’ll take you to the doctor’s after breakfast.
If I’m better this afternoon, can I go to school?
If you are better, but I doubt you will be.

This is your schedule.
You're going out of your way for us, I believe.
You are our honored guests.

Are there any vacancies still available?
Yes. We need a plumber here.
I am looking for a job that is more advanced than that, such as sales manager or regional manager.
I am sorry. They are not available now.

My name is Mary, and I will be your waitress tonight.
Thank you, Mary. We have been looking forward to trying out this restaurant.
Before your main course, would you like to order an appetizer?
Sure, that sounds great. Where are your appetizers listed?
There is a special appetizer menu right here in the center of the table.
The chicken and cheese quesadilla looks good. Is that pretty good?
You know, that is one of my favorites?!
OK, I'll take one order of that.
You could choose another appetizer for half price to share.
Perfect?! Please add on an order of onion rings.

I am waiting for a fax but just now I found there's something wrong with the fax machine.
What's wrong with the fax machine? Is it urgent?
Yes, very urgent. And there is no other fax machine around. And the office of our boss is closed, so I can not use his machine either. And his secretary is out. Do you have any suggestion?
Either call this extension number 0085 or ask them to send the fax to you as e-mail, you print it out.

I would like to speak to you, if you don’t mind.
What would you like to speak to me about?
I would like to talk to you about this year’s election.
Is that right? I am a volunteer for this year’s campaign.
That’s wonderful. I am impressed at someone so young taking a stand. I know history is about to be made, and I would like to be a part of it.
That’s fantastic. Are you planning on voting?
I’m going to vote. Go to your polling place early on Election Day.
I will.
Good luck with your volunteering.

We hope that there will be no repetition of this kind of trouble in the future.
Yes. I promise it will not happen again.
We look forward to your settlement at an early date.
We will inform you as soon as possible.

Hello, Steven. How do you get along with your job?
Actually, I learn many things from it. I find that I am a quick learner in new things.
Practice makes perfect. By the way, what do you learn from your job?
At first I didn't know anything about the machine. Now I know how to operate it. Besides, the work gives me a sense of fulfillment and achievement.
Yeah, you are a good learner. I must commend you for your good performance.
Thank you. That's a long way to go for my job.
I appreciate your effort very much. The coffee break is over ; it's about time we set to work.
OK, let's go.

Where on earth are we?
Judging by all the traffic, I'd say we're near the outskirts of the city.
What did I do wrong? Did I take a wrong turn?
I'm not sure, but I think you turned right when you should have turned left on the flyover bridge.
Well, now we should turn back a few kilometres. It seems that the traffic sign is much more important than the map.

Hello. Front desk.
Yes. This is Bob Robinson. I’m calling from room number 627.
Hi, Bob. What can I do for you? Is it possible to change to another room?
Could you please tell me why? My room is facing the swimming pool. It’s noisy for me. I have a problem sleeping. And I feel uncomfortable when I take an elevator.
So you need a quiet side room on the lower floor.
You’re right. Okay. Let me check for a room on the first floor.
Thank you.
I’Ve only two rooms on the first floor. How about room 108?
That’s fine. Can I move now?
Sure. I’ll send the bellman to help you.
Oh, thank you kindly.
You’re welcome.

How long will it take for our order to be delivered?
Let's see. You are importing fifty containers of textiles from China. They should be able to place your order before the end of next week. It will take 2 days for shipping to the port city of Ningpo. The freight will take 3 weeks on the open ocean and will arrive in Los Angeles approximately a month from today. Domestic shipping will be your responsibility, you can make arrangements with the pier in Los Angeles.
Fine, we will handle domestic shipping, but what about customs? Will we have to pay tariff on our imports?
I hope we don't run into any problems with the border control.
No, the Chinese company has that all worked out. With the paperwork you receive with the shipment, you should be good to go.

Now you're my boss, Mr. Henry. Do you have any other particular conditions that you would like the company to take into consideration?
No, nothing in particular. You may ask questions about us, if you have any.
All right. When can I start?

What are you doing here today?
I would like to fight my ticket.
Is the arresting officer in the courtroom today?
Yes, the officer is here today. What's your case?
I was pulled over for running a red light, but I never did.
Do you believe that the officer lied?
There was a camera on the signal. So, he was obviously lying.
Your license plate was caught on camera?
A picture of my license plate was never taken.
Since there is no picture of your license plate on record, I'm going to let you go.
Thank you. I'm glad that you believe me.

Hey Joe, what are you doing in this department store?
Hi, Rita, I'm just looking for a pair of shoes. I won't be here for long.
Why not? When I go shoe shopping, I have so many options for sneakers that I spend awhile looking at all of the choices.
That's my problem. I don't have a lot of options. What do you mean?
This is a big store, isn't it?
Yes, but I have unusually big feet. That wouldn't be too much of a problem except that they're also very wide, and only a few brands sell shoes that I can fit into.
So how do you usually go about buying shoes, then?
Well, first of all, I can only go to certain stores that can guarantee me a large selection.
Well, you're in the right store. If they don't have it, no one will.
After that I choose something from one of the few brands that I know will fit me. I prefer white, so I ask them to bring me a pair of white sneakers in my size. Since I’m usually only given one or two pairs of shoes that meet my qualifications, it makes it a very easy choice.

what shall we do after the volleyball match?
how about going to the Olympic souvenir store to have a look? I remember there is one in the gym.
that's a good idea. I was thinking of buying some gifts for my family. me, too.
What did you have in mind?
I haven't decided yet, but I think the Olympic Mascots are a must.
I agree. They're very lovely, especially " Huan Huan ".
is that the red one? That is my favorite, too. Do you know how much they are?
the five dolls are sold together as a set, and they're priced according to the size. The bigger they are the more expensive.
oh, I see. If I buy more than a set, can I get any discount?
I don't think so. All the souvenirs of the Olympic Games are very hot right now.
any other ideas?
there are lots of things, such as postcards, key chains, posters and various arts and crafts.
it all sounds great. We can go there after the match. I can't wait to see what they have.

Mom?! I hate eating vegetables?!
You don’t have to eat them. I don’t mind.
Thanks mom?! Can I have dessert now? I love chocolate cake?!
No dessert for you unless you eat all your vegetables.
But I don’t like them?! It’s not fair?!
You can have some fruit for dessert. If you eat an apple and a banana, I might let you have a small piece of chocolate cake.
Ok... actually, I don’t mind eating peas and carrots, buy I hate broccoli and cauliflower.
I’ll remember that for next time. You’ll get extra peas and carrots, buy no broccoli or cauliflower. OK?
Thanks mom?!

It was very kind of you to give me a tour of the place. It gave me a good idea of your product range.
It’s a pleasure to show our factory to our customers. What’s your general impression, may I ask?
Very impressive, indeed, especially the speed of your NW Model. That’s our latest development. A product with high performance.
We put it on the market just two months ago. The machine gives you an edge over your competitors, I guess.
Certainly. No one can match us as far as speed is concerned.
Could you give me some brochures for that machine? And the price if possible.
Right. Here is our sales catalog and literature.
Thank you. I think we may be able to work together in the future.

Is the factory fully-automated?
Not completely. Our production process is partially-automated. We use robots on the production line for routine assembly jobs but some of the work is still done manually.
What about supply of parts to the production line?
Well, the parts are automatically selected from the store room using a bar-code system. And there is an automatic feeder which takes them to the conveyor belt at the start of the production line.
What about the smaller components?
They're transported to the workstations on automated vehicles - robot trucks - which run on guide rails around the factory.

I'm glad you're on your ten-year reunion planning committee.
Yeah, you get the TV to yourself while I spend my nights surfing the Net for missing classmates. That's not why. This way I can see how you guys do this sort of thing.
I guess. Don't you have reunions in Taiwan?
Definitely. Every year. But just for our forty-person class. Ours are for everyone that graduated in the same year.

What does your job involve?
I'm the Project Manager so I have to make sure our projects run smoothly. I work with three Project Engineers. They take care of after-sales service and look after the maintenance side of the business.

How many languages can you speak?
Besides Chinese, I can speak English and French. You mean you can read and write both of them?
No, I can only carry on a simple conversation in French.
Can you read and write English well?
I can speak the language better than read and write.
Do you speak the language well enough to communicate with people of English-speaking countries?
I think so. I used to be an interpreter. Do you think your English is good enough to do desk work?
The amount of English I know enables me to do general desk work. I believe what I know is sufficient to work in an American firm.

What can I get for you? Here is the menu.
Let me have a look. Well, how many kinds of steaks do you have?
We have sirloin steaks, pepper steak, and filet steak.
Is there something go with the filet steak?
Yes, we have various sauces.
What about the gravy?

Are you ready to go shopping?
Just a minute. I need to make a list of thinks that we need.
Good idea. Have you written down potatoes, carrots, and onions?
I don’t have onions on my list. I’ll add them. We should get some tea. Is green tea ok or should we get the same tea that we usually get?
Let’s get both. We need some coffee too. Is that on your list?
Yes, it is. Here’s my list. Is there anything that I’Ve forgotten?
I think you’Ve got everything. I want to got some chocolate and some cheese.
What kind of cheese do you want.
I’m not sure. I’ll decide at the cheese counter, when I can see what they have.
Have we got enough money?
We don’t have enough cash, so I’ll take my credit card and we can pay with that.
Where are the car keys?
I’Ve got them there. Shall I drive?

Hello, can you tell me how to use the telephone?
If you want to order meals, call 8801.If you need other help, call 8803 and someone will be there.
Thank you so much. By the way, is there a mail service?
Yes, you can take your letters to the counter over there.

I am afraid that the fax machine in my room won’t be working till tomorrow. A technician has just come and checked it. He will bring me a new one tomorrow. It seems there is a big problem with mine and it will take some days for repairing. Can I use the one in your office?
Of course you can. I am sure this one works very well. I just sent dozens of pages. How many pages are you sending? Are you familiar with my fax machine?
Yes, I think you have the same model as I have.
Does your fax machine print out immediately a transmission protocol?
Yes, it will print immediately.

How many years have you done business with China?
Let me see, about five years, we established our business relationship with Hua Mei of China Import & Export Corporation in 2003.
Do you have any difficulties in doing business in China? You know the Chinese economic legislation is still incomplete?
I don't think I have any problem with our Chinese partners. They have always followed the contract strictly. We can do business directly with the corporation. As I mentioned before, the Chinese government is trying very hard to perfect its law. Its commercial legislation provides legal protection for foreign companies.
Well, it's known that the Sino-American relation is in a dilemma. Does it influence your business in China?
Actually not at present. But we are afraid it will. You know policies influence business to some extent.
I hope our government will not be influenced by some extremists. China is really a large market. We don't want to lose it.
Thank you.
You're welcome.

Give me a pack of first-class stamps, please.
Here you are. That will be five dollars. Anything else?
Yes. I want some post cards and some airmail stamps. I want to send some letters to South America.
Just a moment, I'll look up the rate for air-mail letters to South America.
Can you tell me how much it will cost to send a package to Colombia? Also, I what to know how long it will take.
Do you have the package with you? I would have to weigh it to see how much it would cost. Do you insure package?
Yes. All you have to do declare the value of the package and decide how much you want to insure it for.
Is there a way that I can be sure that the people in South america receive my package?
The post office rarely loses package. You can, however, request a rectum receipt.
One last question-what are your hours?
We open at eight-thirty in the morning and close at five-thirty in the afternoon.
Thank you, you helped me a lot.

Hello, thank you for taking the time to interview me.
Hi there, I’m Bill Gotcha, the owner of Gotcha Enterprises. Did you find your way here OK?
Your assistant gave wonderful directions.
Why are you switching jobs at this point in your career?
Our Company is moving overseas and I wish to stay in the United States.
What are you best at?
I am good at organizing systems that have been having problems.
What is your biggest challenge in terms of skills?
I don’t like to sit around and so like to always find things to do to keep myself busy.
That is good to hear?!

Good morning. SRC international. How may I help you?
Good morning. I'd like to speak to Peter. Chen Please.
Certainly. Who should I say is calling?
This is Tim. Hunter from Hunter industries.
And what is it regarding please?
We have an appointment for this afternoon. Mr. Chen will know why I'm calling.
Of course, Please hold the line Mr. Hunter.

Right, let me run through your options. You can go ahead and cash your undue Large-Amount Deposit Certificate if you really want to, but I'd recommend a Personal Durable Commodities Loan.
OK, what does that entail?
It's not too much trouble to do it this way and remember, your certificate is due in 2 months. If you can hold on to it, it'll be much better for your finances.
Yes, it does seem a little silly to cash it now. I'll probably need about 25,000 RIB. Will that be a problem?
Not at all, Mr Zu. As the certificate is due in 2 months, you can get the loan on mortgage of that certificate.
I'm glad you thought of this. I'd have just gone ahead and cashed it?! And I suppose I can use the money from the certificate to pay back this Personal Durable Commodities Loan and I won't lose any interest, right?
Exactly right. If you'd like to go ahead, I can process that for you now, Mr Zu.
Absolutely, Jenny. Thanks very much, I think you've saved me quite a lot of money today.

My aunt told me one of her secrets--cellophane tape. I just got it at the special health store. It's for my flabby arms.
Let me know how it works. I have to say, I have had enough of this roller coaster.
I know what you mean. I'm like a yo-yo. Last week I was down to 60 kilos. This week I had one donut more. Now I'm up to 62 kilos.

May I have a menu, please?
Of course. Could you tell me how this thing is cooked? Lobster?
It is steamed and served with our special sauce.
Is it good?
Sure. It is a most popular dish.
I think I will try some lobster, and give me some green salad together.

Can’t you come in and have tea now, Peter?
Not yet, I must water the garden first.
Do you have to water it now?
I’m afraid I must. Look at it?! It’s terribly dry.
What a nuisance?! Last summer it was very dry, too. Don’t you remember? I had to water it every day.
Well, I’ll have tea by myself.
That was quick?! Have you finished already? Yes, Look out of the window. It’s raining.
That means you needn’t water the garden.
That was a pleasant surprise. It means I can have tea, instead.

I'm broke, and I have to catch another bus.
Why don't you have any money for another bus?
I got hungry and bought some chips.
That was smart.
Anyway, do you have any change I can use for the bus?
I don't have any.
I don't know how I'm going to get home.
Get a transfer from the bus driver.
How much is a transfer?
It doesn't cost anything.
That's great?! Thanks for your help.
You know what? Don't mention it.

Hello, Anna. Come in and sit down.
Hello, doctor.
What's the matter? I've got a backache.
Do you often suffer from backache?
No, I don't. I've never had a bad one before. When did it start?
About four days ago.
Well, go home and rest in bed for two days, then you'll feel better. Can you give me some medicine? It's very painful.
Yes, I'll give you some pills. Take one a time and three times a day, and come back in three days. If you don't feel...

Welcome on board. May I see your boarding pass?
Here you are. Your seat is three, in the third row, near the window.
Thank you. Where can I put my suitcase?
Either in the overhead compartment or underneath the seat.
Everyone's attention, please. We are going to take off. Please fasten your belts.

Hello, madam. How do you like your staying here?
Quite good. Excuse me, are there any places of interest?
Yes, there are so many near our hoteI. Three blocks away from here, there is temple. It's famous for its building and paintings. lt' s worth visiting.
Thank you. I think today we will go there.

You're here to make a deposit, is that correct?
Right. I'd like to deposit 2,000 RIB into my Current Account.
No problem. Could I have the cash and your Bank Book, please?
Oh dear... there seems to be some problems here... What? What's wrong?
I'm sorry but 5 of these notes seem to be counterfeit. Look at this watermark, do you see it?
It does look a little strange, I didn't notice that before.

Hello, sir. Is there anything I can help you find?
Um... Uh... I'm just looking, thanks.
Need a gift for your girlfriend or wife...
No, no, no. I'm just browsing. Thanks anyway.
Well, if you need anything, just ask. Um... well, where's the men's shoe department?
It's on the third floor. Turn left when you get off the escalator.
Thanks.

An idea about killing time on a train?
I advise you to read Playboy.You can get a lot from it.
But there's quite a lot of rumors about it.
That's why it's interesting.

Have you brought the receipt with you?
No, I don't. I left it home.
Sorry, but we can't do anything without the receipt. Come back with it.
I didn't know. I'll go to get it. How late will you be open?
Till 5:30.

I haven't told you what happened yet, have I?
I haven't heard anything.
My boss offered me a promotion, and I took it.
Are you serious?
Yes, I am really excited.
That's great. Congratulations?!
Thank you.
Actually, I could not believe it at first. You know, there're so many outstanding people in our company. Many of them are qualified to fill that position.
Sure, but you really did great and outperformed the others. You deserved it?!
Thank you very much.

I like Chinese food.
I like Chinese food, too. I like dumplings best. At school, we sometimes have Chinese food for lunch.
That's good. We eat Chinese food only at the Chinese restaurant.
My mother can make some Chinese food.
Really? That's wonderful?!

OK. Come back into the classroom, class.
Does the class start again, Mam?
Yes, but to the heath, this break has last long enough.
Oh, breaktime flies. come on, baby. It’s time now.
Mam, another minute, could I?
Hurry up, little boy.

What's the actual flight time from here to San Francisco?
It's about twelve hours.
Can you tell me what time we're arriving?
Sure. Let me see... at 6:15 a. m. local time.
I see. And that'll be 10:15 p. m. Beijing time.

Excuse me, but I'm not feeling too well. I think I'm going to throw up.
There's an airsickness bag behind the seat that's in front of you.
I must've missed it. Is this your first time flying?
Yes. I'm going to San Francisco.
Oh, it's a beautiful city. I think you'll like it.
Hey, I'm feeling much better already.
Sometimes if you don't think about it, that sick feeling will go away on its own.
Thanks.
By the way, my name is Mary.
I'm Frank. Nice to meet you.

Welcome to Al's Bakery. What can I get you?
Hi?! Let me get a dozen croissants, four blueberry muffins and a loaf of sourdough bread.
Sure. Would you like to have the loaf sliced?
No, that's OK. Do you have any whole wheat bread?
We are out at the moment. May I suggest some rye bread?
Sure that sounds good. Do you have any cakes?
We have various birthday cakes and also ice cream cakes.
I'll just take a cheesecake.
Will that be all?
Yes.
Your total is forty three dollars and twenty cents.
You got it.

Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, we are happy you have all come out for our training workshop. Today we have a great line-up of speakers to talk to you. First on our program is a well-renown expert in the field of international economic development, Harvard's own Dr. James Smith. Dr. Smith has been involved in economic research for over twenty years, and has taught at Harvard since 1995. And now, without further adieu, we'd like to welcome Mr. James Smith.
Thank you, Mr. Jackson, ladies and gentlemen, colleagues, friends. The subject of my talk is international relations in a morgen world. I plan to say a few words about the current situation in the Middle East and how it affects world economy. I'd like to give you an overview of the way that the economies of seemingly unrelated countries are intertwined. I've divided my talk into three parts, first an overview of international relations, second a discussion of current political situations, and lastly trends for the future. My presentation will take about two hours, but there will be a twenty-minute break in the middle. We'll stop for lunch at 12.

You're looking rather pale, why?
I couldn't sleep well recently.
You'd get plenty of sleep for you work so hard.
I always drink too much wine in the evening.
You shan't drink more wine in the evening.
Yes, you are right.
And you'd take some exercise every day.
Many thanks for your advice.

Hello Mrs Parker, how have you been?
Hello Dr Peters. Just fine thank you. Ricky and I are here for his vaccines.
Very well. Let's see, according to his vaccination record, Ricky has received his Polio, Tetanus and Hepatitis B shots. He is 14 months old, so he is due for Hepatitis A, Chickenpox and Measles shots.
What about Rubella and Mumps?
Well, I can only give him these for now, and after a couple of weeks I can administer the rest.
OK, great. Doctor, I think I also may need a Tetanus booster. Last time I got it was maybe fifteen years ago?!
We will check our records and I'll have the nurse administer and the booster as well. Now, please hold Ricky's arm tight, this may sting a little.

I’m interested in teaching at your school.
Great. Are you a qualified teacher?
Yes.
What kind of teaching certificate do you have?
I have a TEFL certificate.
How many years of experience do you have?
I have three years of teaching ESL and four years of teaching per-school children.
When did you get your TEFL certificate?
I got my TEFL certificate three years ago.
Why do you want to teach at our school?
Well, I’Ve heard many good things about it. I also like teaching young children.
That’s great. Can you speak Chinese?
Yes, just a little.
Can you come in for an interview tomorrow at 10:00?
I sure can.
Great. See you then.

Why is the car before us stopping?
What's going on? Look. Two cars are standing right in the middle of the road and the drivers are shouting rude words to each other.
That's why that car stops.
More and more people easily get irritated while driving.
Yes. This is what is called road rage.

This is today’s schedule. At 8 thirty AM, conference with the department managers. At 9 o’clock, live for the workshop where you’ll award prizes to the staff for preventatives.
That’s great. What are the prizes?
3000 RIB as bonus for each person. To encourage the staff increases.
Ok. Next thing is laying the corner-stone for the new plant at 10 AM. At 12 AM, back here for lunch. What about the afternoon? At 2 PM, give a presentation here with the press. At four o’clock sharp, have dinner with Mr. Smith, manager of NCC.

This is Lincoln Bank, Consumer Credit Department. How can I help you?
Ah, hello. I'm calling to find out how I apply for a car loan.
We offer a Personal Automobile Consumer Loan. The application process is pretty straight forward. I trust you have enough funds to cover the 20 % down payment?
Yes, I do. It's ready and waiting in my account.
The next step is for us to recommend a dealer to you, who are already contracted to us, so...
Could I just stop you there? Sorry to interrupt, but I have already been to your appointed dealer and selected the car I want.
That will certainly cut down the processing time. We can move on to the next step. Do you have the purchase price?
Yes, it's 110,000 RIB. So, with the down payment done, I will need to borrow 70,000 RIB.
What we need you to do next is to come into the branch with a correctly filled in application form, ID card, proof of residency, proof of income, the agreement from the agent and of course the 20 % down payment.
Yes, I have everything here.
OK, I'll come in and see you later today. Maybe I could have my new car as early as next week?! How exciting?!

Hi, my name is Tom.
Tom, the new sales representative? Nice to meet you?! I'm Melinda.
Nice to meet you too.Melinda. Now let me show you around. This is our reception area, and our conference room is right over there. Over here is the sales department.
Really? This is a nice office, but it's quite small.
Yeah... You can make photocopies and send faxes over there.
It looks like you guys work hard.
I tell you what just between you and me, we just mess things up so that it looks like we work hard.Just kidding.
Oh, your cubicle is over the. And this way. Those are all private offices the managers offices.
Hmm... Tell me more details about our jobs.
Sure thing.

What do you think of our price? Your price has gone up sharply, hasn't it?
Yes. We regret we cannot maintain our original price. Since the prices of the raw materials have been raised, we have to adjust the price of our products accordingly.
I agree with you there, but your price is unreasonable.
I don't think so. You must compare our price with that of other export houses. I'm sure our offer is in line with the prevailing market price level.
I don't think we'll be able to pay the price.
To have this business concluded, you need to lower your price at least by 3 %.
I’m afraid that there is no room for any reduction in price.
Don't you agree with me that in the long run, moderate prices will bring about large sales and more profit?
We've already cut down our price to cost level.
Is that all?
Yes, this is the best we can do.
I'm sorry we can't handle the price you offered.

So, Jimmy, how does it feel to have your own money?
It’s great, dad. I don’t mind delivering papers, but the real fun is collecting the money.
Even though you are only twelve, it’s not too early to start saving a little money.
I’Ve never had a bank account before. Why don’t I just keep my money under the matters like grandpa does?
You know you would spend it. And also, money in the bank earns interest.
But what if I need my money suddenly?
The bank will give you a PIN, and you can withdraw money from any ATM.
Great?! So it’s almost the same as keeping it under the matters?!
Not quite. You have to maintain a minimum balance of twenty dollars. And sometimes the bank has service charges. But you don’t have to worry about that yet. Let’s go make your first depot OK.
Guess I have to do that before. I can make money my first withdrawal.

Is this where I can catch a bus to the theater?
Yes, but you can't get there with out a change.
Which bus do I have to change?
You have to get off at the hospital and change for bus 15.
I see. Thank you.

Here we are, Joan. This is the Palace museum, also known as the Forbidden city.
Oh, how splendid?! Can you take a picture of me here?
Sure.

Excuse me. I'm afraid I got lost. Where am I on this map?
We are here, bus station, we are in the heart of the city.
Oh?! Can I go from here to the Zhongshan Park?
Head straight up the street about two blocks then turn right.

Tony, could you tell me if there are any special rules about the job?
Working hours are from 8: 30 a. m. to 5:00 p. m. Be sure not to be late or absent. Report to the manager by filling in the' Monthly Report' every month.
Is there anything else? How about my salary?
Our company has a strict and reasonable salary standard. On the 20th day of every month, you can get your salary on time. Benefits depend upon the length of service and the employee's past attendance record.
Wow, thank you for telling me these. Do you mind telling me something else, like attendance record, holiday, and how to ask for leave?
All new members are likely to ask the same questions. Haha.
I can understand that. Every month you have three days off, besides the weekends and some important holidays. After you've been here for a year, you qualify for a one-week vacation. The leave less than a half-day should predict for an hour, and more than a half-day should predict three days.
Okay, that's good. I get it.

Kate, you never believe what's happened.
What do you mean?
Masha and Hero are getting divorced.
You are kidding. What happened?
Well, I don't really know, but I heard that they are having a separation for 2 months, and filed for divorce.
That's really surprising. I always thought they are well matched.
What about the kids? Who get custody?
Masha, it seems quiet and makable, no quarrelling about who get the house and stock and then contesting the divorce with other details worked out.
That's the change from all the back stepping we usually hear about.
Well, I still can't believe it, Masha and Hero, the perfect couple.
When would they divorce be final?
Early in the New Year I guess.

Overseas operator. I would like to make a collect call to Taipei, Taiwan, please.
Your name, please.
Tim Chen.
What's the number, please.
The area code is 2, and the number is 2367-9960.
The line is connected. Please go ahead.

Hello. Excuse me.
Yes. Can I help you? Do you remember me? I just had lunch here a half hour ago.
Of course I remember you.
I think I lost my wallet here.
Oh, no. Really? I didn't see anything.
Really? You didn't find a wallet?
No, I didn't.
Would you like to go look by the table with me?
Yes, I would.
It's not here. And it's not on the floor.Has anyone sat at this table since we left?
No. It's been empty the whole time.
Hmm. I don't know how it could have happened.
I remember, sir, that your friend took the bill.You didn't pay for the lunch yourself, did you?
No. My friend did.
Then are you sure you took your wallet out of your pocket while you were here?
No, I'm not sure. But I usually take out my wallet when I sit down.It' s uncomfortable to sit on it. So I usually put it next to me on the table.
Maybe you lost it before you came here. Or maybe you left it at home.
I don't think it's at home. I think I had it when I left the house.But what should I do?
Well, the first thing you should do is make sure it's not at home.Then, if it isn't, you need to call your credit card companies and cancel your cards. Next, you need to replace whatever you lost, your driver's license, things like that.
Should I call the police?
You can if you want. But the police usually don't do anything about lost wallets.
Hmm. I'll go home and check. Maybe you're right. Maybe it's at home.
I'm sorry we couldn't find it, sir.
Thanks for your help.

Good morning, young lady. You can call me Ma. Do you see anything you like?
Yes. Many things?! I especially love this beautiful quilt.
That quilt was passed down to me from my ma in Holland.
It sounds like a special quilt. Why do you want to sell it?
Well, this home is too big for me now, so I'm moving to an apartment that is much smaller. Therefore, I need to part with a few things.
Oh, I see. Umm, how much do you want for the quilt?
Is fifteen dollars OK?

Have you got change for a thousand?
Let me see.

May I come in, Mr Sun?
I’d rather you didn’t, Miss Yang. I’m very busy now.
Can I try later then?
Yes, of course.
Is it all right for me to come in now, Mr Sun?
Well, uh... I’m still pretty busy, but... all right. Come in.
What can I do for you?
Do you mind if I sit down?
Not at all. Take a seat. Now what can I do for you?
I want to leave the department. Do you think I could put info a transfer?
Yes.
But why should you want to do that?
Do you mind if I speak frankly?
Not at all. Go ahead.
Well. You see, I don’t like the office. I don’t like the staff. And I’m afraid of you. And I don’t want to go one. So may I put info a transfer?
Yes. I’d be delighted if you did.

Where is that? Take me to the airport, please.
Are you in a hurry?
I have to be there before 17 o'clock.
We'll make it except a jam. You know it's rush hour.
There's an extra ten in it for you if you can get me there on time.
I'll do my best.
Here's twenty dollars. Do you have small bills?
No. If you can't break it, keep the change. But can you give me a receipt?
Here is your receipt.
Thank you.

Recently I have been getting headache and my eyes don't seems to see focus properly.
When did you last time have your eyes checked?
Two years ago. At that time I had no problems.Now I can’t even make out something ten meters away.
Come over here. I will test your eyes. First cover your left eye like this, and when I point, please read the chart from the top, and go as far as you can, telling me which way the “ E ” points.
All right. Good.Now the other eye. Well, this one is worse.
Never mind, just read as far as you can.
I can only read the first three lines.

Is there a car park near the supermarket?
Yes, there is an underground car park near the supermarket.
I see. Thanks.

Oh, come on, Ultraman?! What's up, Bro? What's in the bulletin?
It says that there will be a blackout from 5 p. m. to 7 p. m. in our neighborhood today.
Blackout? Even the TV has the limit. Don't you know you will look like a monster in the blackout?
Oops, no, Daddy can't watch American Idol, either?! That's not the point.
Come on, can you imagine that there will be no electricity on such a hot day? Oh, my god?! No air-conditioner?!
OK, since you are the smart one, can you come up with a better plan? So that we won't be baked like cookies here.
How about playing Barbie out there in the neighborhood?
Barbie? You know, I might be seven, but I'm not a girl.
Do you have a better plan?
All right, all right.

Yes, ma'am, how could I help you?
I am wondering if you do facial care?
Yes, we do.
How much would it be?
From 200 to 800.
I'm afraid 800 is too expensive for me. Could you recommend something around 300?
No problem.

Can I help you, Miss?
I would like to order 2 office-style cabinets and desk calendars. We want office-style cabinets in white. The catalogue number is 90-f-2356.
How soon do you want it?
Could you deliver it tomorrow?
No problem. Please handle the items carefully.
Certainly.
We will pay by collect on delivery.

I hate to do this to you, Alice, but I’m going to have to ask you to put in some more overtime.
Does it have to be this afternoon, Mr. Fairbanks? I’Ve already made plans.
Well, I would have preferred to do it today, but if you’Ve already made plans, we can do it tomorrow.
I’d appreciate that, sir. How long do you think you’ll need me to stay?

What’s your attitude when do wrong things at work?
The buck stops here.

Hello?! Is your company advertising for administrative assistant on the newspapers?
Well, Administrative assistant with shorthand and typing skills are badly needed here.
First I want to check about the availability and see if you could give me more information.
The position calls for a person with some working experience. We must be able to benefit from your analytical and interpersonal skills. Can you deliver your resume to us first?
Of course. I will deliver my resume to you in minutes' time. I hope you will consider my application and I shall appreciate a reply at your earliest convenience.
OK. I will call you soon. Bye now.
Bye.

Just as the saying goes, every potter praises his own pot. You should pay special attention to selling yourself properly in the interview. It is especially important for the graduates who step into the job market for the first time. You'd better prepare what you are going to say in advance, in order to have a good performance in the interview. The contents should be mainly descriptions of your background. And the length depends on the particular situation. Only when you are aware of what the interviewer will be interested in, can you make a targeted preparation. To sell yourself successfully, you should leave the interviewer a deep impression. Selling yourself should go straight to the point, and the statement should be clear and brief. It should also be truthful and realistic. Do not blindly blow your own horn. You should particularly state your strong points which are closely related to the position you are applying for. While you should not omit your weak points, they need to be described appropriately Time permitted, you could add certain examples to your description. Besides, in the interview, it is best that you make corresponding adjustments to apply your prepared contents flexibly.

Hello?
Hi, Deborah?! This is John. I'm calling from Australia.
What are you doing in Australia?
I'm attending a conference in Sydney this week. Remember?
Oh, right. What time is it there?
It's 10:00 P. M. And it's four o'clock in Los Angeles, right?
Yes - four o'clock in the morning.
4:00 A. M.? I'm really sorry.
That's OK. I'm awake now.

John hasn't turned up and Stefan is ill. Do we have anyone on stand-by?
I'm afraid not, we're very short-staffed at the moment.
Can you ask the shift supervisor to ask one of his team to do some overtime?
Perhaps Tommy can stand in for an hour or two until we find a replacement.

Jack, let’s go?! Oh, you are out of breath?! What happened?
Some people are wildly shooting on the next street. We must leave here as soon as possible?!
Take it easy. They will get caught.

Hello. May I speak to Jerry, please?
Sorry, but he is out for lunch right now.
I see. Can you give me some idea how long he'll be back?
I think he will be back around 2:00. If you like, please leave your name and phone number, I'll have him call you as soon as he comes back.
That's nice. My name is Steven, my phone number is 6789777.
Okay, I'll be waiting for his call. Thank you and bye?!
My pleasure, bye?!

Excuse me, Miss. What can I do for you?
I've just heard an announcement that my flight has been delayed.
What's your flight number?
Flight CA216 to Chengdu.
Yes, it's true. It has been delayed.
Could you please tell me why?
Yes, of course. The delay is due to heavy rain.
How long will the delay be? Do you have any further information about it?
I am sorry, we don't know the extent of the delay at present. But according to the latest weather forecast, there will be a change in weather soon. We have to wait.
Well, is it possible for the rain to stop before noon?
It's hard to say. Weather is so changeable in the summer. Please listen to the latest announcement about your flight.
Yes, I will. Thanks a lot. Bye?!
Bye

What are we going to do? I can't get the car out of this ditch. I'm stuck?!
I'm worried, Tom. I haven't seen any other cars for almost an hour.
I know. This is terrible. What can we do? This snow doesn't stop falling?!
I told you we should have stayed in town today.The weather report said 100 percent chance of snow.Why did you want to come up here?
I wanted to show you the cabin. We only had another half-hour to go.
Well, now we're stuck. What can we do?
I don't know. I've heard that when this happens, it's important to save energy.
What do you mean? We're stranded here, Tom. We may be here a long time.We need to conserve the gas in the car. The car's energy is what will keep us warm.
I have plenty of gas.
Yes, but the gas and the battery both have to stay working.We can't just let the car run and run.If we do, it will die soon. Then we'll freeze.
So what can we do?
Turn the lights off.Then, run the car and the heater only about fifteen minutes every hour.That will conserve the heat as long as possible.
Alright. That's a good idea. I wish we hadn't come up here. Now we'll probably be here for days.
Days?
Yes, it happens.That is what happens in big snowstorms. People get stranded for days.
Oh, my God?! It's good we have food. Probably we'll survive.But turn the car off for about forty-five minutes. Then we'll turn it on again.

Hey, buddy, can’t you see there’s a line?
Oh, sorry. I didn’t know.
What? You haven’t taken the bus before?
No, I’m afraid not.
Well, you have to wait in line like everyone else. Besides, you should let old people on first.
Sorry.
It’s all right. Where are you going?
I wanted to see the White House.
Oh, well you don’t want this bus, anyway. It goes to Georgetown.
Oh, no. It’s all right, though. Just get off at the next stop and catch the 79A.
Oh, well thank you very much.
You’re welcome.

Can I help you?
I'd like the double cheese burger meal, please.
What kind of drink would you like with that?
Just coke will be fine.
Would you like a super size meal? Only 2 RIB more, you'll get large coke and fries instead of medium. And today we are offering free toys all the meal boxes.
That sounds good, thanks, I'd like that. Actually I'd like sprite instead of coke, thanks.
That's not a problem, Miss. Will that be it?
Yes, that's all. That will be 25RMB, please
You got it.

Do you have any night tours?
Yes, we will depart in 10 minutes.
Is that a guided tour?
Yes, it is.
That's fine. Let's get on the bus.

I am sure we will make it up as soon as possible.
That's nice. We hope this matter will not affect our good relations in our future dealings.
Of course not. We have cooperated for a long time.

I would like to purchase some meat.
What kind of meat would you like to get today?
First off, I'm going to need a pound of ground beef.
A pound of ground beef is $ 2.48.
That's perfect. What else will you be needing?
I'm also going to need three pounds of chicken breasts.
The chicken breasts cost $ 4.05 per pound. What's the total price for the chicken?
It's going to be $ 12.15.
Okay, I think that will be all for me today.

I think you know already that I want to discuss the represent - ton for your alarm clocks.
Yes, Mr. Bergeron. You mentioned that in your letter.
To tell you the truth, your proposal surprised us.
Is that so?
Anyhow I want to go over the details with you in person, so you can give my suggestion thorough consideration.
Our firm specializes in this line of business. We have six sales representatives, who are on the road all the time, covering the whole of the European market.
Do you sell direct to shops?
Yes, we specialize in handling clocks and watches of all sorts. We have well established channels of distribution and we canvass the retailers direct, without any middlemen.
Do you keep a stock of these things?
In some cases, such as the wristwatches, which always have a steady market, we keep a stock in London and act as distributors as well as agents. Generally, however, we pass on the orders of our clients to the manufacturers for supply. We are paid for our service, of course.
That is, your commission.
Yes, our commission is very reasonable. We usually get a 10 % commission of the amount on every deal. Our agents in other areas usually get a 3-5 % commission. The European market is not familiar with your products. You have competitors from Japan and other continental countries. At the beginning of our campaign, there is sales resistance to overcome, we must send out salesmen to do a lot of traveling and spend a considerable amount of money on advertising in news - papers and TV programs. A 10 % commission will not leave us much.
According to your estimate, what is the maximum annual turn - over you can fulfill, in round figures, of course?
We will always do our utmost to enlarge the business, as our remuneration increases with the turnover, but we will not guar - ante anything, at least not to begin with.
We appreciate very much your intention to push the sale of our products. But our suggestion to you, Mr. Bergeron, as a preliminary step, is to do a little research into the market...
Do you mean to say you refuse us the agency?
Mr. Bergeron, you leave us no alternative. We can not give you an exclusive agency of the whole European market without having the slightest idea of your possible annual marketing turnover. Besides our price is worked out according to the costing. A 10 % commission means an increase in our price. We must have the reaction of the buyers in this respect.
Oh, that's just too bad. I intended to make great efforts in selling your products.
Well, we can still carry on our business relationship without the agreement. To start the ball rolling, we will provide you with price lists, catalogues and some samples. Only when you have a thorough knowledge of the marketing possibilities of our products, can we then discuss further details.
Ah, Mrs. Miller, but in this case am I covered?
Oh, yes. We will give you a 5 % commission on every transaction.
All right, but I'll be back again for the Autumn Fair. And then I hope we can see eye to eye about our commission and the terms of the agency.
Very good. We will discuss the matter again at the next Fair.

Excuse me, I’m sorry to trouble you. My name is Susan Ransom, and I have placed several orders with you company.
Yes, Mr. Ransom? This is Karl Miller. How may I help you?
Well, I wonder if you could track an order I placed with you last month. It hasn’t arrived yet.
Certainly, Ms. Ransom. Do you have an order number?

Have you worked out the offers. Mr. Thou?
Yes, we have. Here's our CIF quotation sheet. Please have a careful look.
Are the prices on the list firm offers?
Yes. All the quotations on the list are subject to our final confirmation.
I wonder whether there are any changes in your prices.
All these products are our best-selling lines. The prices of our products will change according to that of the international market demand. And we are always open to negotiate, especially on larger orders.
What do you have in mind?
How long does your offer remain valid?
I need some time to get my supervisors on board with this plan.
I understand. Our offer remains open for 4 days.

Hello sir, may I help you?
Yeah, I accidentally dropped my phone in the toilet.
I see. Well, you have come to the right place. We have over one hundred models of more than twenty leading mobile phone manufacturers.
Sounds good. I don’t want it to be too expensive, maybe something mid-range.
We have this new ETC smart phone.It comes with the Android OS so you can download applications. It also has a built-in camera, mp3 player and touch screen. It works on the 3G network so you have fast access to the internet wherever you are.
What about Wi-fi?
Of course?! You can access the internet from any hotspot as well as from home.
One last thing. Is it waterproof?

We have been over this a hundred times?! We are not getting a pet?!
Why not? Come on?! Just a cute little puppy or a kitty?!
Who is going to look after a dog or a cat?
I will?! I’ll feed it, bathe it and walk it every day?! We can get a Labrador or a German Shepard?!
What if we want to take a vacation? Who will we leave it with? Plus, our apartment is too small for that breed of dog.
Ok. How about we get a cat or a ferret?
We’re planning on having children soon, I don’t think those animals are a good idea with a baby in the house.
Fine?! Let’s get a bird then?! We can keep it in its cage and teach it to talk?! A parrot would be awesome?!
I’ll tell you what, I can get you some hamsters and we’ll take it from there.
Yay?!

Good evening, Mr. Lee and thank you for choosing our airline. We have just discovered that this flight is overbooked. Would you like to volunteer to give up your seat?
Overbooked? Give up my seat? I don’t understand.
From time to time we have a situation in which there are more passengers than there are seats on the aircraft. That’s overbooked.
I know what overbooked is, I just don’t understand how that could happen?
Actually it’s a common practice to overbook, as passengers often don’t take their flight as scheduled. Most of the time there is no problem but today, more passengers arrived than we have seats,
So who has to stay behind?
Well, first we ask for volunteers. If someone like yourself volunteers, they receive a free round trip ticket to be used within one year. If no one volunteers we just have to select someone.
Ok. I’ll volunteer. I could use a free ticket?!

I want to rent this apartment.
I’m glad to hear that. How much are you asking?
You will have to pay $ 1050 every month.
I can’t afford that. What can you afford?
I was thinking $ 800 a month.
I’ll need you to pay more than that. How much more?
How does $ 900 every month sound to you?
I can live with that. We have a deal then.

Good morning, Miss Monica. Nice to meet you again?!
Good morning, Mr. Thomas, it is nice to see you too. After the internal discussion, we have all agreed that you are the most suitable person for this position among all the candidates. So, today let’s talk about your expected salary and social benefits. What is your expected salary?
I’Ve worked in the field for more than 4 years. Depend on my work qualifications and experience, I would like to have 5000 Yuan to start.
The basic salary for your position in our company would be 4800 Yuan to start with increases giving according to your performance.
It is a bit lower than I expected. But I can accept that.
What are the working hours?
40 hours a week, Monday to Friday, 9 AM to 5 PM with one hour lunch break every day..
Do I have to work on weekend? If so, how do you pay for the overtime?
We do expect overtime work when it is necessary, but we pay twice of the work hour for working on weekends and three times for working on national holidays like Spring Festival and the Mid-Autumn Day.
Is there probation?
No probation is involved. If you feel good, you can start next week.

Welcome to the McDonald's. What will it be for you, madam?
One Big Mac and French Fries.
Is there anything else?
Give me one coke, please.
Is this to go or to eat here?
To go, please.
That comes to four dollars and ten cents.
And can I have some ketchup, please?
It's on the service counter over there. Please go to help yourself.

What's the name of this street?
University Street.
Do you know of any banks near here?
You'll see one at the corner on your right.

Hey there, you look a little lost. Are you new here?
Yeah how’d you know?
You can always spot the newbies. I can give you a few pointers if you want. Were you trying to use this machine here?
Yeah?! I just started my training today and I’m not really sure where to begin.
It’s ok, I know how it is. This machine here will work out your upper body, mainly your triceps and biceps. Are you looking to develop strength or muscle tone and definition?
Well, I don’t want to be ripped like you?! I just want a good physique with weights and Carpio.
In that case you want to work with less weight. You can start off by working ten to fifteen reps in four sets. Five kilo weights should be enough. Now it’s very important that you stretch before pumping iron or you might pull a muscle.
Got it?!
Wow is that the weight you are lifting? My goodness that’s a lot of weight?!
It’s not that much. Just watch... I’m ok...

Excuse me.Could you tell me how to return to the Hilton Hotel? I am afraid I lost my way.
Do you have a hotel card or something? Let's see.Yes, I have the address and telephone number here.
Oh, you're staying at the downtown Hilton.Then, you go down two blocks this way and turn left.You' ll find it on the right.
Well, I don't understand it very well.Will you draw me a map?

Excuse me, but could you tell me the way to the railway station?
The railway station? Just go down this street and turn left at the second corner. The station is at the end of that street.
How long will it take me to get there?
It's about a ten-minute walk.
That's very clear. I think I can find my way now. Thank you.
Not at all.

How does the political system work in your country?
We have hundreds of constituencies and the voters in each one elect a member of parliament. Most people call them mp’s.
Each mp belongs to a political party, right?
Almost all of them do. A few are independent. That means that they do not belong to a party.
If one party more than half of the mp’s. they form a government. That means that they choose a prime Finist
What’s a cabinet?
This is a small group of people-perhaps 25 mp’s who are usually ministers. They make all the big decision and discuss laws and policy.
Can any mp make a law?
Any mp can present a law to parliament. The proposed law is debated and voted on. If it is accepted, it becomes law.
I suppose a proposed a law needs the support of the big political parties.
Yes, it does, because they have most of the mp’s. most mp’s vote the way their party wants them to.
How do people choose which party or candidate to vote for?
They produce manifesto. These documents which states their policies. Some people just vote for the same party every time there is an election. Voters who often change the party they vote for are Calle

How was your interview?
Pretty good. The HR manager asked me the usual questions. Then he wondered why I had decided to leave my previous job.
What did you say?
I told him that I hadn’t got a raise for three years. I also told him that one of my best co-workers quitted her job because she had not been promoted for eight years.
Did he want to know the reasons?
Yes. I told him that my boss made some excuses of the recession. But I thought he had a pattern and a record of promoting men only. That’s sex discrimination.
When will you get the reply?
In a couple of days, I was told.
Wish you good luck?!
Thank you.

What qualities do you think a senior executive should possess?
Generally speaking, he needs creativity, the ability to communicate, sense of personal responsibilities, the ability to solve problems and so on.
Do you have all these qualities?
Yes, I have all of them. I am totally competent to be a senior executive.

Hi. I need more amenities, please.
Could you be a little more specific, sir?
Well, to be more specific, the free stuff, like soap, lotion, and shampoo.
I understand. Now, you're saying that you've already used up all your amenities?
Oh, no?! I've got all I need for my stay here.
So, what's the problem?
I need souvenirs?!
You want some souvenirs?!
Yes, yes. Souvenirs.
But, sir, our souvenir shop carries all those items.
That's not the same thing. If you buy hotel souvenirs, they have no sentimental value.
I understand, sir. I'll call housekeeping. You'll have your souvenirs shortly.

Hello, may I help you?
Yes.We' re interested in seeing the rooms for rent.
Oh, how nice.They' re bright rooms and the house is very quiet.
A nice quiet house is exactly what we're looking for.
Well, gentleman.Each room is $ 40 a week if you think that's OK.
That sounds just wonderful to us. When do you want to move in?
How about this afternoon?
Fine. I'll be expecting you around two.

Are you ready to order? May I suggest a veal?
No, I'll have the fish please.
The chicken is also nice.
No, I want the fish.
Our special tonight is lobster.
Thank you, but I prefer the fish.
Perhaps you'd enjoy the lamb.
No, I like the fish.
What ever you say?

Am I ever hungry? When will supper be ready?
It's almost ready. Can you set the table?
All right. Want to taste this dish?
Yeah. Oh, it's delicious?! Really?
Definitely. It's a wonderful meal.
Thank you, Honey. If you like to help me do the dishes, I'll be more dreadful.
I wish I could, but I won't.

Good morning, Kate. Long time no see.
Good morning, Vera, Nice to meet you.
Kate, I know you’Ve been a stewardess for more than one year. And I’ll have an interview on stewardess tomorrow. Can you tell me some etiquette about the interview?
Of course. First you should do up your long hair and do make up but not too thick.
Is there anything else I should pay attention to?
Yes, when you attend the interview, you should pay attention to your manner, style of conversation and expression. You should keep smiling always, being polite when you talk with the interviewer. Don't move from time to time when you sit there. And you also should know how to use eye contact.
Thank you, I've learned so much from you.
That’s all right. Hope you can do better tomorrow.

Can you fix me a cup of tea, Johnny?
Well... uh... how about a glass of juice instead?
No. I'd like tea. Can you put it in my favorite cup? You probably washed it...
Oh, yeah. Well, uh, about your mug... I'll find it...
Where are all the floral pattern plates? And dad's Yankee's mug?

Good morning, sir. May I help you?
Yes, I'd like to settle my bill.
Certainly sir. May I have your room key, please?
Sure. Here you are.
Just a moment, please. I'll draw up your bill for you... Thank you for waiting, sir. Your bill totals two thousand six hundred and fifty-eight yuan, including the phone and laundry.
That much?! Would you mind letting me have a look at it?
Not at all, sir. Here you are.
Thanks. Well, It seems to be right. How much is that in dollars, please?
Just a moment, sir. I'll calculate that for you. It comes to 305 dollars and 52 cents at today's exchange rate.
I see. OK. How would you like to make the payment?
In cash, please.
Here you are.
Thank you, sir... Here is your change. Could you check it, please? Thank you for choosing our hotel. I hope you enjoyed your stay.
By the way, please forward my mail to this address.
Certainly, sir. We hope you have a good trip.

Hi, Sam. I want to buy a pet. Do you have any ideas?
You really should go to Rachel's pet store.
why? anything special there?
it's more than special. You can find as many kinds of animals as you can put a name to and more.
Oh, really? are there any snakes?
snakes? there are even rodents and monkeys?! it's a world of exotic pets.
that's terrific. I can't wait to check it out.
Hang on. are you sure you want to keep a non-traditional pet?
why not? it's so cool.
but it will pose a risk to your health.
pardon?
i mean, most reptiles carry some harmful bacteria. they are likely to cause immune system problems.
well, I didn't realize that. I don't believe it's a good choice to keep those pets, especially for families with young children.
oh, I should have thought of my brother's baby girl. Maybe I'll just have a dog instead of an exotic pet.
yes, good luck, Maria.

I’m a new student. My name’s Robert. Nice to meet you.
My name’s Sophie. Are you French?
Yes, I’m. Are you French, too?
No, I’m not. What nationality are you?
I’m Italian. Are you a teacher?
No, I’m not. What’s your job?
I’m a keyboard operator. What’s your job?
I’m an engineer.

I can’t believe Obama is our President.
I am proud to know that he is our President.
You voted for him, right?
Did you vote for him, because I know that I did.
I did, too. I have nothing but faith in Obama.
Really? I’m sure he will help better America.
We do need some change in this country.
Our country is already changing as it is.
You’re absolutely right. I trust that he will take good care of our country.

Do you have a reservation, sir?
No, I’m afraid we don’t.
I’m sorry the restaurant is full now. You have to wait for about half an hour. Would you like to have a drink at the lounge until there’s a table available.
No, thanks, I’ll come back later. May I reserve a table for two?
Yes, of course. May I have your name, sir?
Bruce
By the way, can we have a table by the window?
we’ll try to arrange it, but I can’t guarantee sir.
That’s fine.
your table's ready, sir? Please step this way.

Do you have coffee shops in China, too?
Yes, of course. There are many tea houses and bars in China, too. People can drink, eat and relax at these places.
You like to go to these places, don’t you?
Yes, sometimes the music there is so beautiful. It is very romantic. I can stay there for hours.
Do you often go there alone?
No, I often go there with my friends.

Hi there?! I am looking for a new car. I have this old Ford Pinto that I would like to trade in.
I see. You are in luck this month because all of our models are on sale?! it is a perfect time to buy a new car since it’s the end of the year.
Perfect?!
I like this one.
That is the Ford Focus. A very light but powerful vehicle. It comes with dual side airbags, power steering and power windows, tinted windows and your choice of either automatic or manual transmission.
Sounds like a good car?! How many miles to the gallon?
It is a very fuel efficient vehicle giving you about 34 miles in the city and 40 on the highway.
That is really convenient. Especially now that fuel prices are so high?!
What’s under the hood?
A very powerful 2.5- liter turbocharged engine, Trust me, this car is fast?!
Now for the most difficult question. What is the price tag for this lovely vehicle?
Very affordable mam. You can take it out of this lot today with 0 % down payment and no interest for the first year?! You can test drive it now and we can sign the papers when we get back.
Great?! Let’s do it?!

I wonder if you could help me, I'm looking for a room.
Well, I have got a vacancy.
What sort of price are you asking?
Eight dolls fifty a week excluding laundry.
Would it be convenient to see the room?
Can you call back later? We're right in the middle of lunch.

Could you give me an expense report? I would like to attach the invoices for my phone bill this season.
Here you are. Do you need glue?
That is very kind of you. I’m just running out of glue.
You’re welcome.

IBA, Jane speaking. How can I help you?
Hello. I'd like to speak to someone regarding my card.
Sorry, I'm not quite sure if I understand. In what way, Sir? Has your card been stolen?
No, no. Nothing at all like that. It's just that I applied for a credit card with you a while ago, my application was accepted, but I'm still waiting for my card.
Oh, I see, Sir. Well, it does take 5 working days to issue and post the card.
Yes, my application was accepted last Friday. Now it's Wednesday, that's more than 5 days.
Sorry, Sir, but it's 5 working days. This does not include weekends, so your card should be with you later this week.
Of course?! How silly of me?! Yes, 5 working days would mean this Friday, at the earliest.
I see. I'm sorry to trouble you.
It's no trouble at all, Sir. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nothing, thanks. I again apologise for the misunderstanding, bye for now.

What can I do for you, sir?
We'd like to order breakfast for tomorrow morning.
Yes, sir. What would you like?
Orange juice, scrambled eggs, bacon, toast and coffee.
OK, and when shall I bring it here?
About seven thirty.By the way, could you also bring me tomorrow's papers?
Of course, sir.

What shall we do when we find a shortage in the shipment?
You should do one of the two things - either to lodge a claim with the shipowner or with the insurance company.
Shall we leave it to the brokers?
Yes. They usually do it. Do they charge for that?
Of course. In Europe, they charge a commission of 1 % of the amount of the claim for their service.
Is it the same in America?
They do the work without charge to the importer. It's part of their service, isn't it?
Exactly. Is it enough to claim with an on board bill of lading?
No, you must also obtain a statement from the shipping agent certifying that the goods were actually loaded on their vessel for shipment.
I see. By the way, how do we prove the ownership of our goods?
You must provide full original set of ocean bills of lading original insurance policy or certificate and the original commercia invoice.
I see. Thank you.
You are welcome.

I'll be on business for a couple of days, could you take care of your sister?
OK, Mum, when will you be back?
I'll be back in ten days.

Passport, please, madam.
Just a minute, please. It's in my bag. Here it is.
Thank you. Please fill out the Baggage Declaration Form.
All right. Shall I enter all my belongings?
No, only the articles listed on the Declaration.

I’m hungry, let’s go grab a bite to eat.
Yeah me too.
Oh?! Can we stop at the shop really fast? I lost my makeup bag at the airport and I want to pick up a few things.
Will you take long?
No?! Five minutes I promise?!
Come on?! We have been here for almost an hour?! I thought you said you were only going to get a few things?! How long does it take you to pick out a lipstick and some nail polish?!
Are you crazy? You have no idea what you are talking about?! Just for my eyes I have to get eye-liner, an eyelash curler, eye shadow, an eyebrow pencil and mascara. Then I need to get foundation, liquid foundation.
Whoa whoa whoa?! Are you nuts? How much is all this going to cost? I’m looking at the price at each one of these little things and it’s outrageous?! This is basically a crayon?!
What about you? You spend as much or more money on your razors, after shave, cologne and gel?! Not to mention how much you spend on clothes and...
Fine?! Get the stupid thirty dollar crayon?!

Can I borrow five bucks?
No?!
Come on?! I'll pay you back on Tuesday.
Last time I lent you money, you never paid me back.
I promise if you lend me five dollars today, I will repay you in full next week.
Ok, but I'm taking your skateboard as collateral.
Fine?! I can't believe you don't trust me.
It's nothing personal, just business.

May I help you, sir?
Yes, please. I'm looking for a cotton polo shirt.
Any particular colour?
Not really. How about this one?
I like the design, but don't particularly care for the colour. Do you have that in other colours, too?
Well, they come in white, pale yellow, aqua, red and green. Will a white one do?
Yes. I prefer white - and may I see a pale yellow one, too?
Why, of course. Let's see... White... Pale yellow. Here you are, sir.

I’m so surprised to meet you in this remote village. Long time no see.
Yeah. How are you these days?

You look terrific and in good shape.
Thank you. How do you keep fit?
I do yoga twice a weeks
Yoga? It sounds interesting.
It was hard at the beginning, but now feel it's really relaxing. It makes me flexible.
Anything else?
Yes, I often go swimming. Are you interested in swimming?
Yes, I like it very much.

Are you going home now?
No, I'm not. What are you going to do? Are you going to work late?
No, I'm not. I'm going to look for an apartment.
An apartment? Why?
I'm going to try to find a place near the office.
Where are you living now?
Out in the suburbs. It's a long trip to work every day.
How are you going to find an apartment?
I'm going to buy a newspaper and check the classified ads.
Apartments in the city are expensive.
I know, but I'm going to enroll in a night school to take a course in business management.

no, no, you helped me with my computer last week. I want to repay the favor.
no, it's definitely my turn to treat you... you paid last time?!
oh, that was just a quick bite to eat---that doesn't count?!
ok, ok, how about we just go Dutch?
It's settled.
Listen, I'm still pretty new around here, would it be alright if you found the restaurant?
ok... sure.

I am waiting for a fax but just now I found there’s something wrong with the fax machine.
What’s wrong with the fax machine? Is it urgent?
Yes, very urgent. And there is no other fax machine around. And the office of our boss is closed, so I can not use his machine either. And his secretary is out. Do you have any suggestion?
Either call this extension number 0085 or ask them to send the fax to you as e-mail, you print it out.

Hey, Jim. It's time to wake up and get out of bed.
Do I have to get up now?
You'd better get up, or you'll be late.
What're you talking about? My alarm even hasn't gone off yet.
Yes, it did. It went off thirty minutes ago. You slept right through it. You're like a dead person while you sleep.
I must have slept right through it.
Rise and shine?! Sleepyhead?!
Just let me sleep five more minutes.
The early bird gets the worm.
I know, I know. But I don't want any worms. Ha?! Ha?!
If you don't make an effort now, later on it'll be a lot tougher for you.

What shall we do tonight?
How about the cinema?
That's a good idea. We haven't seen a film for ages. What would you like to see?
Oh I don't know. Titanic?
Titanic? That old film? but I've seen it before?!

I’Ve been told you might have a vacant room.
Yes. I have a spare room.
How much are you asking?
10.00 dollars a night.
Could I see the room, please?
Sure.Come on in.

Sit down, please. What's wrong with you?
I feel cold, and I'm shivering. I have a terrible headache and a sore throat.
How long have you been like that?
About a day.
Let me have a look at your throat first. Please open your mouth and say " ah ".
Ah... And show me your tongue... Thank you. That'll do. You have slight tonsillitis, and your throat is inflamed. How is your appetite?
Not so good. Now, let me take your temperature. Please put this thermometer under your armpit and let me feel your pulse? Your pulse is weak.
Do I have a temperature, doctor?
Yes, you have a high fever. I'd like to give you a blood test.

Yikes?! What was that noise?
I had to blow my nose.
Did you have to blow right next to the phone? Did you hear that?
Of course I heard that. I thought a plane had crashed into your house.
It wasn't that loud.
I will blow my nose sometime for you, and you'll see.
Okay. I'll take your word for it. I thought you had an elephant in your house.
You're funny.
What did you say? I think I've gone deaf.
I'm going into the bathroom to blow my nose. I'll be right back.

Can I have the check please?
Right away, sir.
Is this amount correct?
Yes, sir, it is.
Thank you, the service was good
Please come again.

Nowadays fewer and fewer people go to the movie theaters to see films. So I am afraid that the film studios are really getting hard time to survive.
What you said is true. But the film producers there are more flexible ways to get more audience. For example, to make more movie Ccds, so people will spend money buying them. But it is true that cinemas are losing the attraction they used to have in the past.
Yes. Take myself for example. I seldom go to cinemas, but it doesn't mean I no longer see films ; instead, I see films at home-watching Ccds.

Okay, well I’m sure you have a number of questions to ask me regarding the position.
Yes, well Miss Childs did give mean overview of the position over the phone, but there were some details I’d like to clarify.
Well feel free to ask me anything, and I’ll try to fill in the details. Could I first ask about the remuneration package?
Yes, of course. That’s quite an important point, isn’t it? As a junior sub editor we offer a starting salary of 150,000 HK dollars per annum. This doesn’t include a generous housing allowance also.
I understand. And are there other bonuses included?
Well, apart from full health insurance we do offer a company staff bonus scheme linked to readership numbers. But we could go through all the details of that at a later date.
Well, Mr. Parsons, I am flexible when it comes to salary. The opportunity to work in Hong Kong for you is the most important thing for me.
Excellent. Well, what other questions do you have Rebecca?

We need to take the accounts system offline to carry out the upgrade. But don't worry, it won't cause too much inconvenience. We're going to do it over the weekend.
How long will the system be down for?
We'll be taking everything offline in about two hours' time. It'll be down for a minimum of twelve hours. If everything goes according to plan, it should be up again by 6 pm on Saturday.
That's fine. We've allowed forty-eight hours to be on the safe side.

Welcome to IBA. Can I help you?
Yes, please. I'm here for an International Settlement. Our company has to effect payment, and it needs to be done today. Here's the advice slip for the payment.
Thanks. I'm sorry to say that you need to get this stamped. There is no stamp on this slip and it is essential before I can process it for you.
I see. So, I need to stamp it. And sign it too?
Yes, that's right. Down here, at the bottom right hand corner to show that you agree to pay the printed amount.
I'll go back to the office and get it sorted and pop back later.
Thanks, bye for now.

That's the warehouse where the large items of office equipment are stored. If I ordered a desk today, how would it be before I got delivery in Scotland?
Well, I think perhaps you'd better speak to our Production Manager, Mr. Yao. You'll meet him when we go over to the factory.

Excuse me. I have just missed the connection plane due to the heavy fog in London. Can I change my ticket now?
Please Show your ticket and passport.
Here you are.
Which flight do you want to change?
The next one to my destination. I have to be there as soon as possible.

Hi, can I speak with the apartment manager, please?
Hello, this is the apartment manager speaking.
I'm calling about the apartment for rent on Main Street.
Would you be interested in seeing the apartment?
I would love to see it.
Are you free today at around 6 p. m.?
Yes, I will be able to make it then.
Well, I'll see you at 6 p. m. Do you know how to get there?
I used to live in that area.
I'll give you an application form when I see you.
That sounds good. Do I need to bring anything?
No. Just bring yourself.

Good afternoon. Welcome to China. May I see your passport, customs and health declaration form?
Yes, here you are.
Thank you. W hat's your occupation, Mr. Smith?
I'm the general manager of the Far-East Industry Corporation. You are here on business, aren't you?
Yes, I have been invited by the East Import
I see. Do you have anything to declare?
Yes, I have some foreign currency to declare.
Would you please fill out this currency declaration form? It's a record of the foreign currency you have brought in.
All right.

How much does it cost for a bus pass?
It'll be $ 65 for a monthly pass.
Is there anything cheaper than that?
If you're in school, you can get a student pass.
Well, I am how much will that cost?
The pass is free.
I don't have to pay for anything?
You'll only have to pay for the monthly sticker.
How much is the monthly sticker?
It's $ 24 for each month.
I'll take the student bus pass.
Okay, I'll get you one.

I see there are some workmen on the site. When is the building work due to start?
Well, it'll take three weeks to demolish the old building and clear away the debris. We should be ready to start the construction work in week 23.
How long will the sub contractors be on site?
About ten weeks in total if everything goes according to plan.
I'm sure it will.
So, we should be able to start moving the machinery in during week 34.
I'll confirm that date with our suppliers.

Andrew's Hair Salon, this is Andrew.
Andrew, this is Linda Chen.
Hi Linda, what can I do for you?
I need to set up an appointment to get my hair fixed.
For what day?
Tuesday morning.

Have you bought a bus pass yet?
I'm not getting one.
Why is that?
It's cheaper if I don't buy one.
Buying a bus pass will save you money. How do you figure that?
There's no limit to how often you can use your bus pass.
Really? Plus, you don't have to use change for the bus anymore.
I like that.
You want to buy one now?
I'm going to.

Are you ready to order, sir?
Yes, I would like a roast duck and my friend wants steaks.
How do you like your steaks?
I'd like it medium-well.
OK, sir, wait a minute.

Hello, I want to know how much it costs to have a manicure and pedicure.
Usually it's 60 dollars for a manicure, and 80 dollars for a pedicure. But with this special discount, the total for both is only one hundred and 20 dollars, and you can get them painted.
That's nice. I'd like to give it a try. I think I like passion red. please.
Alright.Do you want your cuticles cut, too?
No. Would you like the shapes square or round?
Square. But with round at the edges, please.
All right, it's done. Please follow me to the drying section. How long will it take to get them dry?
Ten or about five minutes. You'll be all set.
I see, thank you.

Hello, this is Lucy. May I speak to Mr. Smith?
Oh, hello, Lucy. What's up?
I'm afraid I can't come to work today, Mr. Smith.
Oh, what's wrong with you?
I've got a fever and a very sore throat.
Well, you sound ill over the phone.
Yes. I have to stay in bed today, but I'll be able to come tomorrow.
That's all right. Have a good rest until you feel well enough.
Thank you, Mr. Smith. Goodbye.
Goodbye, Lucy.

Waiter, we have been waiting for 20 minutes. Would you mind hurrying?
I am sorry, sir, the fish you ordered will take a longer time because we make it with fresh fish.
That's fine. Would you please bring me some wine?
Sure, is dry white wine OK?
Yes.
Thank you.

Hi Bob, I won't be in work tomorrow.
Why, what's the problem?
I have a dentist appointment.
Okay.

I've come about your wools. According to our market survey, wools are likely to find a ready market in our country.
Wonderful?! We can meet your requirements and the offer is ready for you. Here it is. The unit price is USD 15.00 per kilogram.
Do you quote CIF or FOB?
It's FOB Shanghai. Could you quote the price of CIF Hamburg?
Certainly, that's easy. We will work out our CIF offer this evening. Could you come again tomorrow, say, at 10 AM?
Okay, see you tomorrow?!

Hi?! Do you want a fill-up?
Yes, please. Which type of gas do you want? Regular, Super, or Premium Unleaded?
What's the price difference?
Regular is $ 1.15, Super is $ 1.25 and Premium is $ 1.39.
Just fill it up with Regular, Unleaded, please. Do you want me to check the tires and the fluids?
Yes, I would. Thanks a lot.

Is your father in the habit of having naps?
Yes, all of us have naps.
Don't you feel dizzy when you have to get up?
No, not at all.

Excuse me. I need some storybooks in easy English. Do you have anything likethat?
Well, there are a lot of storybooks upstairs in our children's section. Some are written for young children, others for teens. Maybe some of them will suit your needs.
I'll go take a look. Thanks for your help.
You're welcome.

Good morning. I need to speak with the property manager, please.
Good morning. You are speaking to the property manager.
While it was raining last night, water started leaking in from the ceiling.
Was it leaking in the bedroom?
It was in the living room.
Can you tell me which floor you are on?
We are on the bottom floor.
I would like to look at the leak. Will you be home this morning?
Yes, someone will be here to let you in.
Just in case you have to leave, we will just use the master key.

How much is your last salary?
I have earned 10,000 a year including bonuses.
How much do you want us to pay you?
I like to be paid more than that. Hopefully, 150,000 a year.
To be honest, I left the company to get more income.

I hope you can help. I've got a bit of a problem with your ATM.
Of course, that's my job. Oh, dear. What's happened?
Well, it's eaten my card?! It won't give it back?!
I see... calm down, don't worry. May I ask what were you doing when it took your card?
Yes. I was only entering my PIN. I'm terrible at remembering it, I'm so forgetful, you see.
Mmmm... and exactly how many times did you enter it, please?
Maybe three times. As I said, I always forget it.
Ah?! Don't worry ; it's just a security measure. If someone uses a card and cannot get the right PIN after three attempts, the bank keeps the card in case it's stolen. Just contact the bank and we'll get it back to you.
Oh, I see. So if I call my branch they can sort everything out for me?
Yes, they'll be happy to help. Believe me, it happens to many people.
I'd better try harder to memorise my PIN in future. Thanks.

Is this the counter to pick up parcels?
Yes, it is. I want to pick up my parcels.
Please show me your parcel order.
OK. Here you are.
Let me check your parcel number. Song Ping's parcel number should be CP 06230221 5 CN.
Here is your parcel.
Thank you.
Not at all.

Hi Brittany. What are you doing with all of your clothes on your bed?
I'm trying to decide what to wear to school the first day.
Oh, A. Mom didn't tell you?
Didn't tell me what?
What? This Bs' school you're going to is going to make your life easy.
What are you talking about brother? Spill it.
Uniforms, sis, no more worrying about appearances?!
You mean I have to wear the same thing every day?
MOM?!

What would you like for your main dish?
Steak, please.
How would you like it?
Medium rare, please.
Anything else, sir? May I have a glass of red wine, please?
Of course.

Mr. Smith, do you like the hotel we booked?
Yes, we do. We like it very much.
I've come to make sure that your stay in Beijing is a pleasant one.
Thank you so much.

David, we have been doing business for three years, haven't we?
Yes, I'm glad we've had very pleasant cooperation in the previous years.
And your achievement for promoting our clothes was great in the three years. So, I wish to apply for the sole agency of your product in our local market. If you give us the agency, that will be more substantial for our cooperation.
To be frank, you are not the only one who applies for an agent for us in your country. I'd like to know some ideas of terms on which you would be willing to operate as our agent.
As we are a well-established company, we are very familiar with the customers' needs. Besides, we can make full use of our good connections with the wholesalers and retailers here and develop a good market for your products if appointed as your agent.
Sounds reasonable. I will tell my boss about you agent application. Another question, what do you think is the minimum annual sales you can guarantee?
To be on the safe side, and for garment of all materials, sizes, and styles, I think the amount will be 50,000 pieces a year.
Well. As our sole agency, you will neither handle the same or similar products of other origins nor re-export our goods to any other area outside your own.
No, certainly not.

Excuse me. I bought this circulator here yesterday but it doesn't work.
Oh, let's see what's wrong.

Where can I find the produce?
Aisle A is where you'll find all the produce.
What sales do they have today?
I'm sure something is on sale. Please check with the produce person.

Hello, this is Steven from Blue Sky Co. May I speak to Mr. James?
Speaking.
Excuse my troubling you. You purchased our products last year and now I am following up to find out about their workings. Are they still in good condition now?
Yeah, exactly?! I bought them last year. En... at present, they are still in good state.
That's it?! All of them have first-class quality and performance. Besides, we adopt advanced technology. Now we have developed new products. They are much better than what you have bought.
Your company is developing so fast. Maybe later on I will plan to buy more.
That's great?! Thanks for your support. If any, please remember to call us.
I am afraid I have to say goodbye now?!
Bye, Mr. James?!
Bye?!

Ms.Dawson, I need you to take a dictation for me.
Yes, sir... This should go out as an intra-office memorandum to all employees by this afternoon.Are you ready?
Yes, sir.Go ahead.
Attention all staff... Effective immediately, all office communications are restricted to email correspondence and official memos.The use of Instant Message programs by employees during working hours is strictly prohibited.
Sir, does this apply to intra-office communications only? Or will it also restrict external communications?
It should apply to all communications, not only in this office between employees, but also any outside communications.
But sir, many employees use Instant Messaging to communicate with their clients.
They will just have to change their communication methods. I don't want any - one using Instant Messaging in this office.It wastes too much time?! Now, please continue with the memo.Where were we?
This applies to internal and external communications.
Yes.Any employee who persists in using Instant Messaging will first receive a warning and be placed on probation.At second offense, the employee will face termination.Any questions regarding this new policy may be directed to department heads. Is that all?
Yes.Please get this memo typed up and distributed to all employees before 4 pm.

Do you have everything?
Let's see... my ID card, my passport, and my suitcase. I'm pretty sure I've got everything.

This is Dunlin. Is this Mrs Smith speaking?
Yes, what can I do for you?
I just want to call and say thank you for letting me interview yesterday.
You are welcome, Mr. Sun.
And I also want to know what the status is of the position.
Sorry, we haven't made the decision at all. But we should be making the decision by the end of this week. And we'll get in touch with you once we make it.
Do you have any questions we didn't cover in the interview?
No. Thank you, I am looking forward to hearing from you. Bye-bye.
Thank you for the calling. Bye-bye.

I often sneeze after having a bad itch inside my nose. Sometimes this is accompanied by an itching throat.
Any other discomfort?
Yes. Sometimes I can notice a constriction in the chest and shortness of breath after a fit of sneezing. And I often suffer from a running nose with a profuse watery discharge.
Does it occur seasonally or all year round?
It has been seasonal during these past three years.
Are you sensitive to other things?
Yes, things like seafood and penicillin-type drugs.
OK. Let me examine your nose. According to your case history and the examination, I believe that it's allergic rhinitis.
What useful treatment can you offer?
I'll give you a series of specific skin tests. Then we'll know exactly what substances you're allergic to. Then I'll give you some causes of desensitization therapy.

Miss, would you like to try this free sample of our new suntan cream?
Sure, why not?
This is a new product of company this year. It's oil-free.
I see. It feels very light on the skin.
It gives your skin a very natural healthy look. I like the cool smell, too.

So how can I make it?
First you make a list of what you wanna buy...
But I’Ve gotta have the budge before anything else.
Well, that’s a problem, isn’t it?

Did you have a part-time job when you were still in school?
No, I was way too busy studying all the time. How about you?
Yeah, I worked about twenty hours a week in a pizza restaurant.
What was that like?
It was always very busy there. What did you do?
I stood behind the register and took pizza orders.
Did you get any perks on the job?
Yeah, I got to eat as much pizza as I could for free.

Okay. I'd like to change some euro into US dollars, please.
Sure. How much would you like to change?
Six hundred euro.
Very good. May I see your passport?
Here you are.
How would you like your bills?
In fifties please.

Why are you reading the classifieds? What do you need?
I'm looking for a bookcase, but I don't want to buy a new one.
Are you having any luck?
Not really. There aren't any used bookcases listed. But there are a few rummage sales on Saturday. I think I'll go to them.
Do you mind if I go with you?
Not at all. These private sales are great places to bargain. And sometimes you can find terrific things among all the junk.
I learned to negotiate from my mother. I thought I was pretty good at bargaining, but I had a problem the other day at Kimble's Department Store.
What happened?
I wanted to buy a beautiful wool sweater for my girlfriend. It was priced at forty dollars, so I started by offering the salesclerk thirty.

Do you do a lot of your shopping online?
Not really. I like looking on the internet at what’s available, but I usually prefer to actually see and touch what I’m buying before I pay for it. Sometimes, I’ll look at something in a shop, but lat No. I’m a little worried about security. You never know who’s trying to find out your codes and passwords. Aren’t you worry about that?
Not really. I know that it happens, but if you buy from reputable companies with secure websites, you should be ok.
Even though I use online shopping facilities, I don’t think it’s the best way to sho
I’m surprised to hear you say that. I thought you loved anything technological.
I do. I’m a big fan of using new technology, but I don’t want to sit in front of a computer screen all day. I think people need to get out and interact with other people. So, how about coming to the department store with me? I want to see if there are any new summer clothes on sale yet.
Sure. I’d love to join you. Can we stop by the computer store? I just want to see if they have something.
Sure. While you’re in the computer store. I will visit the book store opposite. I like to browse through their books and see if they have anything interesting.
Ok. I’Ve finished online. Let’s go.
I’ll just get some money and my credit card.
Thanks for reminding me. I had forgotten to get mine.

Please help yourself at your dishes. I hope you’ll enjoy what you’Ve got.
It suits my taste. You are really a good cook.
Would you like to try my special recipe?
Wow, let me try. It tastes nice.
How did you make it?
It’s as easy as pie. I always follow recipes.

Mr. Dick. Does the recommendation of the university play an important role?
Yes. In fact, the recommendation letter written by the university is an indirect self-recommendation. In the long period of cooperation, the university has established good relationship with the companies or organizations, they trust each other well. If your university recommends you, you can be approved more easily.
But I find that most of the recommendation letters written by universities are the same. So I doubt its authority.
More and more persons have the same discoveries since most universities do that in order to save energy. If your university also does like this, you can look for other methods, because such kinds of recommendations say nothing for you. Could you tell me whether or not I send out my resume with it?
It depends. If it has something special or useful, I suggest you send it out.

Taylor, can you tell me how to apply for a job on the Internet?
Just fill out an application. Do I have to send an E-mail?
You are expected to know the E-mail address of the unit.
But I still don't know which unit is in need of staff. Send out an application through Job-wanted on the website.
Can any unit see my information?
It's a two-way choice. And your application will be read.
Which websites offer this service?
Sina, 21st Century Talent Net, and a few others.
Thank you.

Don’t throw your weight around. I can’t bear you any more.
I dare you to say that again.

Were you a leader when you were in college?
Yes. I was Propaganda department minister of our university.
Did you get any honors or awards at your university?
No. It’s a pity about it. Were you involved in any club activities at your university?
Yes. I was a member of the basketball Society. I like playing basketball.
What extracurricular activities did you usually take part in at your college?
I sometimes played basketball and sometimes played football.

You want to argue your ticket today?
Yes. That is why I'm here.
Tell me your argument.
I was pulled over for allegedly speeding.
Are you sure you weren't speeding?
To be honest, I really wasn't. What speed were you going?
I was under the speed limit. I was going 35, when the speed limit was 40.
I'm just going to let you go, since the arresting officer isn't here.
What about my ticket? Do I still need to pay?
Don't worry about it.
I'm so glad for your help.

Annie, do you like shopping online?
Yes, I like it, because it's convenient. Last week, I tried to buy a new cellphone online, but I didn't know how to pay for it.
First, you should open an account at the online bank. After that, you can buy anything you want online.
Are there many things online?
Sure. You can find everything all over the world. Let's check it out online?!
( They log in a shopping website. ) That's amazing. Oh, an on line virtual supermarket? Let's click to check it out. Oh, I got it. It simulates the real supermarket, which makes it feel so real.
Mom will love it. She loves shopping in supermarkets.

Ah, Bob. Just the person I wanted to see.
So what is it?
You gotta help me out this time, buddy.
Another tough thing, I guess.

Hey?! What happened??! My song was only half way through and it skipped to the next song.
I don't know what happened?! You cancelled the song, didn't you, Jack?
No, I didn't.
Really?! Then, is the machine broken or...

Good evening, Do you have a reservation?
Yes. The reservation under Mr. Watson.
Ah, yes, a table for four at 8 Em, no, thanks. I think we'll go straight to the table, By the way. may I check my overcoat here?
Certainly, sir. We'll keep it in the cloakroom for you. Here is your number. When you leave, show it to the waiter behind the counter, please.
Thank you. Could you show us to our table now? Would you please follow me, please?
Thank you. This is your table. It's Number 10.

Hello, ma’am. Can I help you? I’m looking for a sweater.
What size are you looking for?
Well, I’m looking for size 10 but you don’t have it.
How about this one? I think it looks terrific on you.
Yes, I like the color. Can I try it on?
Sure. The fitting room is on your right.
It fits well. I like it a lot. What do you think?
You look pretty in red.
Oh, it’s my favorite. How much is it?
$ 29.99.
Okay. I’ll take it. Thank you very much for your help.
You’re welcome.

Do you have any cars available?
We have only one mid-size car left.
Great, what's the rate per day?
It's 40 $ plus tax per day on limited mileage.
I'm going to need it for three days. Can I see your driver's license?
Sure, here is my driver's license.
Please sign here.

Are you ready to order? I think that we have a pretty good idea of what we would like to order.
Let me tell you about the specials of the day, which are chicken in a wine sauce with capers, and grilled garlic shrimp.
I was wondering if the chef could leave off the sauce.
The chef would be happy to accommodate your special requests.
I am a vegetarian. Do you have any vegetarian selections?
You could choose the roasted vegetable and garlic pizza or the goat cheese and candied walnut salad.
I think that we will split the roasted vegetable and garlic pizza.
That is a good selection, and I can bring your salads now or serve them with your entree.
You can bring us our salads when you bring us our entree.

I can't open this email attachment our Paris office has sent me. Are you sure you're using the right program?
Well, yes it's definitely the same program but I might have the wrong version. Their system is newer than ours.
That's why you can't open it. You'll have to upgrade before you can read the file.

What kind of character do you think you have?
Generally speaking, l am an open-minded person.
What is your strongest trait?
Cheerfulness and friendliness.
How would your friends or colleagues describe you?
They say Mr. Sun is a friendly, sensitive, caring and determined person.
What personality do you admire?
I admire a person who is honest, flexible and easy-going.
How do you get along with others?
I get on well with others.

Hi, I need to make an appointment to see the doctor.
What seems to be the problem?
I have a rash that I need a doctor to look at.
Do you have a fever with that rash?
No, it just itches a lot.
I have openings on Tuesday or Wednesday. Which would be best for you?
I need an appointment on Tuesday.
Fine, I am putting you down for 9
I would like to see Dr. Jones.
I can schedule you with him with no problem.
We look forward to seeing you.

Wow?! What's the hold up?
It’s probably just people trying to get an early start out of the city for the weekend. Nobody sticks around in the summer.
Really? Then, I guess I won’t have a hard time finding a room or getting a cab?
Actually, you might because there’s a big convention in town this weekend.
I’m not too worried about it. I always seem to find something.

Hello, how can I help you today?
I'd like to withdraw some money from my account.
Please fill out this slip stating how much you wish to withdraw.
Well, actually, it's quite a substantial amount. Here's my Bank Book. Will that cause a problem?
On your account there is no limit to over the counter withdrawals, it won't cause a problem.
Here's your money, 10,000 RIB. Please count it before you leave.
Yes, that seems to be all in order. Thanks very much.

Quality is very important to us. We work to very low tolerance levels. We need to have guaranteed supplies of consistently high quality raw materials. Over the years we've built up very good relationships with our suppliers.
Do you have many different suppliers?
Yes. There are about fifty names on our approved supplier list, but for raw materials we tend to deal with three local companies.

Mary, can you tell me how you keep in shape?
You'll never be in shape until you eat less and take more exercise. Now, tell me what you often eat.
I often eat fish and eggs. Do you eat a lot of vegetables?
Oh yes, and fruits. I love fruits very much.
What do you like to drink?
Well, I never drink alcohol, coffee or tea. Whatever would you like to drink?
I drink a lot of milk. I drink milk almost every day. How often do you exercise?
Well, I walk every day. It's a good diet and a regular exercise.
Yes, quite right.

I am sorry, but I cannot stay for the rest of class today.
Why do you need to leave early?
I don’t feel so good. What doesn’t feel right?
I feel as if I am going to be sick to my stomach.
Perhaps you should get checked out at the Student Health Center before you go home.
I have some medicine at home that I could take.
Are you going to be OK to drive home, or would you like someone to go with you?
Thank you, but my friend is in the library, and he can give me a ride home.
We hope that you are feeling better soon. E-mail me if you have any questions.

Your boyfriend is so considerate to you. When do you plan to marry?
It’s still up in the air. There is something wrong between us.

We're considering of ordering 200 computers, but I'm wondering about the price you'll possibly offer.
Our price will be not less than $ 5000.
Your price is higher than I expected. Could you give us a little discount?
This is already our best price. But the price is always negotiable and you should consider our quantity of order.
Well, what would you suggest? Could you make it $ 4500?
I'm afraid that there is no room to negotiate the price. This is the best price we can quote.
Can we meet each other half way?
What do you mean? Let's close the deal at $ 4800, OK?
You drive a hard bargain?! OK, that's a deal.

I'm now on the Songshan airport getting ready for departure. I realized that I might have left my watch.
Yes, Ma'am. May I have your name and room number?
My name is Terry. I stayed last night in your hotel in room 132. What kind of watch is it?
It's a brand-new Seiko wrist watch.
Yes, we have it.
Oh, I'm glad to hear that. Would you kindly send it to the Hilton Hotel?

What are your thoughts on the apartment?
I think that it’s absolutely gorgeous.
There aren’t any problems with the apartment?
I think that the apartment looks very nice, but I do see some problems.
What problems?
I did notice a few stains in the carpet.
We will have the carpet cleaned before you move in.
You will?
Yes, but other than that, are there any more problems?
That was the only thing that I saw that was wrong with the apartment.
I’m happy that you find this apartment so appealing.
It is. I love it.

That China-gown of Tang-Dynasty style is so beautiful. Would you show it to me, please?
Absolutely. Here it is.
Could I try it on?
Please do, the fitting-room is over there.
It feels a little tight around the waist. Do you have a bigger one?
I'm sorry. We don't have this color in your size. We have some green ones in your size. Would you please have a look at this green one?
OK. How much does it cost?
It's 486 yuan.
Mmm, it is reasonable.

Mrs. Wang, would you give us an idea of the price you regard as workable?
As I said before, your price is so high that we find it difficult to make a bid. We hope you will take the initiative and bridge the gap.
Just to comply, we're ready to reduce the price by 5 percent. I hope this concession of ours will get the ball rolling.
So do we. Certainly it's a step forward on your side. But the gap is still too wide.
The ball is in your court, Mrs.Wang. What price would you suggest?
To make your offer workable, I think you should take another step down as big as the one you've just taken.
That won't do. You see, our profit margin is very narrow. It simply can't stand such a big cut.
I hate to disappoint you, Mr. Brown, but if that's the case, we have no alternative but to cover our requirements elsewhere.
Do think it over, please. We sincerely hope our discussion will come to a successful conclusion.
Well, I'm not authorized to agree to such a big reduction. Would you mind waiting a day or two, until I get a reply from the home office?
Not at all. Shall we meet again, say, on Friday morning?
Good. Friday morning at 9.

Good morning. Good morning.This is Mary.Can I speak to Anne please?
I’m sorry She isn’t in at the moment. She will come back at half past nineCan I take a message for her?
Thank you.But I will call her later
OK.Goodbye.
Goodbye.

Hi, Jane. How are you doing this morning?
I’m all right, thanks. Just a little tired.
Late night?
Yeah, I got home around two.

We've been waiting here for nearly ten minutes now, and there still isn't a bus in sight. I'm afraid we'll be late for the party. Have you got the time, Tom?
Yes, my watch says a quarter to seven. but there is something wrong with my watch?!
But you bought it only last month.
Yes, but ever since I bought it, it gains about five minutes a day, so I' Ve got to have it repaired.
How long will it take us to get there?
I think about ten minutes by bus.
It's not far away, then. Let's walk, it's beginning to rain.
Wait?! I think I see a bus coming now.
Let's hope it's the No. 22 bus.

Hi, Mr. Smith. I'm Doctor Hawkins. Why are you here today?
I found it would be a good idea to get a check-up.
Yes, well, you haven't had one for 5 years. You should have one every year.
I know. I figure as long as there is nothing wrong, why go see the doctor?
Well, the best way to avoid serious illnesses is to find out about them early. So try to come at least once a year for your own good.
Ok. Let me see here. Your eyes and ears look fine. Take a deep breath, please. Do you smoke, Mr. Smith?
Yes.
Smoking is the leading cause of lung cancer and heart disease, you know. You really should quit.
I've tried hundreds of times, but I just can't seem to kick the habit.
Well, we have classes and some medications that might help. I'll give you more information before you leave.
Ok, thanks doctor.

Good afternoon. Mr. Tylor's office?
I'm afraid you've got the wrong extension.
I'm sorry, but could you please transfer this call to Mr. Tylor's office?
Sure, please hold on.
Thank you. Now Mr. Tylor's on the line. Go ahead, please.
You are so kind, you helped me a lot.
You are welcome. Bye?!

Good afternoon, Lexington Software. Angelina Dawson, how can I help?
Hello, this is Quinn from IBA.
Ah, hello Quinn. Oh dear, you are calling to tell me there is a problem, aren't you?
I'm afraid so, yes.
Hmm... well, it was my first attempt?! Is it a very big mistake, or can we just alter it?
Unfortunately it's rather a big mistake.
What do you recommend we do?
I would recommend we scrap this one and you bring in another set as soon as possible.
I trust your judgement. Thank you, Quinn. I'll be back tomorrow with a new set. Bye for now.

Oh?!?!?! I have a horrible toothache.
You should go to the dentist.
I hate dentists.
Well, suffer then. If you have a toothache, you have to go to the dentist. It always hurts.
I hate going.
Stop being such a baby. If it really hurts that much, just let them knock you out.
O. K., O. K., I’ll go.
Good. You'll feel better after you do.

Hi, I would like to purchase a one way ticket to Brussels, please.
Certainly sir, this is our train schedule. We have an express train departing every morning and an overnight train that departs at nine pm.
How long does it take to get there?
About twelve hours. We currently have tickets available only for first class on the express train. If you’d like, you can choose a sleeper on the overnight train which is a bit less expensive.
Yeah, I think that is the best option. Do you serve food on the train? Twelve hours is such a long time?!
Yes, of course. There is a dining car towards the front of the train where they serve meals at all times. We do provide complimentary water and coffee for all of our passengers.
Great?! I’ll take it. Here you are sir. Your train leaves from platform number nine at nine on the dot. Remember to be here at least thirty minutes before your scheduled departure time or else you might miss your train?!
I understand. Thank you very much?! Have a great trip.

I would like to take a trip to the beach this weekend.
A trip to the beach would be fun. How is the weather going to be?
The forecast says that it will be warm on the weekend.
So do you think it'll be perfect weather for the beach?
It sounds like it will be. I really hope it doesn't get cold. That would ruin things, I want to go so badly.
The weather in California is unpredictable, so you never know.
That is true. The weather is constantly changing. It would be nice if the weather would never change.
That would be great, then we could plan things sooner. True.
Predictable weather would make life easier.

Some companies use to ban dating among employees, but now they have realized it is something in avertable. People spend so much time at work. It is not surprising for one to have a crash on the other. If we think positively, office love can be beneficial to company.
Beneficial? I don’t think so. If two employees get married, they will leave at the same time for a honeymoon, or later one of them will stay at home taking care of babies. If they break up, the company will probably have to relocate one of them to make the workplace more comfortable. By any means, the company must spare extra efforts to solve problems brought by an office dating.
But if two employees are in love, they will be happy. Happy people are more productive. If they develop an intimate relation with each other, they are willing to share knowledge and experience. It can help to improve work efficiency.
I doubt that.

Do you eat a lot of healthy food?
Compared with healthy food, unhealthy food just tastes so much better. And anyway, I believe if you live a low stress Life and are active, you can get away with eating whatever you like. It's all in the mind.
You have the point. I think cancer is caused by more worry than by the things we consume. Some good things you should try are cranberry juice, wild rice and yoghurt.
What's special about these things?
Cranberry juice is very good for destroying harmful bacteria in your guts because it's very acidic. Wild rice is high in fibre so it's good for your guts and it's high in protein and minerals-I think it's also tastier than normal rice. Yoghurt's good because it's also rich in protein, vitamins and is also acidic. People have been making yoghurt for thousands of years and if you have it every day, your guts will be much more settled.
Thanks. I'm going to follow your advice and pop down to the supermarket right now.

I've been so tired recently. I've been trying, but I don't think I'm up to this job.
You need to take a break, maybe a vacation. Oh, yes, indeed. I've run out of steam.
To be honest, I want to be in a different environment.
Is that so?
Yes, I don't want to be stuck in a rut. I want to move on.
Have you decided?
Yes. I want to get a better job.
Could you tell me why you want to quit?
I quit just because of the dissatisfying salary and the trouble in getting along with my colleagues.
Oh, that's terrible. Do you want to get a higher salary in our company?
I'm afraid not. I've promised my girlfriend. We'll travel southwards to find a job that offers higher pay.
OK, I'd like to say that I've really enjoyed working with you. However, I think you should work harder for your new job and then you can ask for higher pay.
Thank you so much for your advice. And every best wish for your new job.
Thank you.

The train is leaving. Hurry up?! Which car are we in?
Let me see. Oh, No. 11. Here we are, Car 11. Let's get in.
Seats No. 20 and 21. It’s nice that we’Ve got a window seat.
Let's put our suitcases on the rack.
Oh, the baggage rack is full. Put them under the seat for the time being.
All right.

So, how should we get to the theatre? Let's take the bus.
I hate the bus system in London?! The bus drivers are rude, the buses are never on time, and there are few people around who can help you.
It's not that bad. You probably just had a bad experience once.
It wasn't just once. Every single time I take the bus, something bad happens to me or to someone else on the bus.
We could take the subway, but we'd have to go three stops along one line and then change trains twice. Train fares are twice as expensive as the bus fare, too.
If we don't hurry up, we'll miss the show. Should we take the bus?
We're already late, so I think we had better take a taxi.
I don't think we'll be able to find a taxi very easily during hush hours. Let's just take the bus.
Fine. Have a look at the timetable to find out when the next one arrives.
It looks like it should be here in just a few minutes. don't worry. Nothing bad will happen. I'll even buy your ticket for you.
Thanks, that was nice of you.
See, now something good has happened to you on a bus trip?!

Let's go over this plan again. From Vancouver, we bike along the border all the way to Winnipeg. And that is mostly flat, right?
Relatively, once we're out of Alberta, anyway. Then it's hills again in Aitoba.
And from Winnipeg we go around the lakes through Toronto, right?
That's right. And up in to Quebec. And that's where we stop.
It doesn't sound like that much when we go over the plan but that's a long, long ride. Are you ready for the cross country of a lifetime?

Good morning, sir. What can I do for you?
I'm Bill. I'm in Room 908. Can you change the room for me? It's too noisy. My wife was woken up several times by the noise the baggage elevator made. She said it was too much for her.
I'm awfully sorry, sir. I do apologize. Room 908 is at the end of the corridor. It's possible that the noise is heard early in the morning when all is quiet.
Anyhow, I'd like to change our room.
No problem, sir. We'll manage it, but we don't have any spare room today. Could you wait till tomorrow? The American People-to-people Education Delegation will be leaving tomorrow morning. There'll be some rooms for you to choose from.
All right. I hope we'll be able to enjoy our stay in a quiet suite tomorrow evening and have a sound sleep.
Be sure. I'll make a note of that. Everything will be taken care of. And if there is anything more you need, please let us know.

It's time for bed.
I'm not ready to go to sleep. I'm not tired.
It's quite late, and you have an early day tomorrow.
I'm not going to be able to fall asleep.
Why don't you try counting sheep?
I've tried that before. It really doesn't work.
That's beside the point, you still need to go to bed.
Why can't I just stay up until I fall asleep?
If I let you do that, then you're just going to be up all night.
I promise I'll go to sleep soon.
No, you're going to sleep now, so good night.
See you in the morning.

I see myself as being honest, diligent, persevering and creative. And I have a strong sense of responsibility.
How about your psychological resilience?
I think I can work well under pressure, if necessary.
How would you deal with those who are not easy to get along with?
I will just be sincere and friendly to others, and I believe they will treat me the same way.
You seem to be a kind-hearted lady.
Thank you. I simply believe the goodness of human nature.
Please tell me your weaknesses if you can.
I should admit that sometimes I care too much about the details. I am always in pursuit of perfection.

Karen? I need to go over a few things with you.
Certainly. Mr. Graham. When would you like to meet?
I was thinking about this afternoon, after the sales meeting.
Fine. At 3:30?

I believe we' Ve met before. My name's David.
Yes, at your company, I think. I'm Frank.
Oh, I remember now.Very nice to meet you again.
Nice meeting you, too.

I made my little brother cry.
Shame on you?!

I need some mascara. Do you have good thickening mascara?
Of course. Here is our thickening mascara. We also have mascara designed to lengthen the eyelashes.
Alright. And I want to consider your eye shadow too. Do you have a color chart can look at?
We have a very wide selection of colors. And our eye shadow is specially designed to moisturize the skin. So it is very gentle on your eyelids. Would you like to sample some?
Oh, sure I will need to clean off my own eye shadow first.
I can help you with that.
Thank you.

Is this the baggage claim area for flight KB256?
Yes, we are on the same plane.
But I am a transfer passenger. I have a connecting flight to Miami.
So you have to bring your baggage to the transfer check-in area.
Yes.It' s quite troublesome. Why not go and find a porter?

Billy, you don’t look too well. Maybe you should take the day off school.
But Mom?! Today we’re playing football?! I love football?!
You’Ve got a fever and playing football isn’t a good idea for a boy with a fever.
What’s that on your arm?
I don’t know. It was there when I woke up this morning.
It’s rash. I’d better take you to see the doctor.
How did you get that bruise on your leg?
I bashed it against the chair in my room.
Does it hurt?
A little, but not much. Here. Put this wet towel on your face to keep your temperature down. I’ll take you to the doctor’s after breakfast.
If I’m better this afternoon, can I go to school?
If you are better, but I doubt you will be.

This is your schedule.
You're going out of your way for us, I believe.
You are our honored guests.

Are there any vacancies still available?
Yes. We need a plumber here.
I am looking for a job that is more advanced than that, such as sales manager or regional manager.
I am sorry. They are not available now.

My name is Mary, and I will be your waitress tonight.
Thank you, Mary. We have been looking forward to trying out this restaurant.
Before your main course, would you like to order an appetizer?
Sure, that sounds great. Where are your appetizers listed?
There is a special appetizer menu right here in the center of the table.
The chicken and cheese quesadilla looks good. Is that pretty good?
You know, that is one of my favorites?!
OK, I'll take one order of that.
You could choose another appetizer for half price to share.
Perfect?! Please add on an order of onion rings.

I am waiting for a fax but just now I found there's something wrong with the fax machine.
What's wrong with the fax machine? Is it urgent?
Yes, very urgent. And there is no other fax machine around. And the office of our boss is closed, so I can not use his machine either. And his secretary is out. Do you have any suggestion?
Either call this extension number 0085 or ask them to send the fax to you as e-mail, you print it out.

I would like to speak to you, if you don’t mind.
What would you like to speak to me about?
I would like to talk to you about this year’s election.
Is that right? I am a volunteer for this year’s campaign.
That’s wonderful. I am impressed at someone so young taking a stand. I know history is about to be made, and I would like to be a part of it.
That’s fantastic. Are you planning on voting?
I’m going to vote. Go to your polling place early on Election Day.
I will.
Good luck with your volunteering.

We hope that there will be no repetition of this kind of trouble in the future.
Yes. I promise it will not happen again.
We look forward to your settlement at an early date.
We will inform you as soon as possible.

Hello, Steven. How do you get along with your job?
Actually, I learn many things from it. I find that I am a quick learner in new things.
Practice makes perfect. By the way, what do you learn from your job?
At first I didn't know anything about the machine. Now I know how to operate it. Besides, the work gives me a sense of fulfillment and achievement.
Yeah, you are a good learner. I must commend you for your good performance.
Thank you. That's a long way to go for my job.
I appreciate your effort very much. The coffee break is over ; it's about time we set to work.
OK, let's go.

Where on earth are we?
Judging by all the traffic, I'd say we're near the outskirts of the city.
What did I do wrong? Did I take a wrong turn?
I'm not sure, but I think you turned right when you should have turned left on the flyover bridge.
Well, now we should turn back a few kilometres. It seems that the traffic sign is much more important than the map.

Hello. Front desk.
Yes. This is Bob Robinson. I’m calling from room number 627.
Hi, Bob. What can I do for you? Is it possible to change to another room?
Could you please tell me why? My room is facing the swimming pool. It’s noisy for me. I have a problem sleeping. And I feel uncomfortable when I take an elevator.
So you need a quiet side room on the lower floor.
You’re right. Okay. Let me check for a room on the first floor.
Thank you.
I’Ve only two rooms on the first floor. How about room 108?
That’s fine. Can I move now?
Sure. I’ll send the bellman to help you.
Oh, thank you kindly.
You’re welcome.

How long will it take for our order to be delivered?
Let's see. You are importing fifty containers of textiles from China. They should be able to place your order before the end of next week. It will take 2 days for shipping to the port city of Ningpo. The freight will take 3 weeks on the open ocean and will arrive in Los Angeles approximately a month from today. Domestic shipping will be your responsibility, you can make arrangements with the pier in Los Angeles.
Fine, we will handle domestic shipping, but what about customs? Will we have to pay tariff on our imports?
I hope we don't run into any problems with the border control.
No, the Chinese company has that all worked out. With the paperwork you receive with the shipment, you should be good to go.

Now you're my boss, Mr. Henry. Do you have any other particular conditions that you would like the company to take into consideration?
No, nothing in particular. You may ask questions about us, if you have any.
All right. When can I start?

What are you doing here today?
I would like to fight my ticket.
Is the arresting officer in the courtroom today?
Yes, the officer is here today. What's your case?
I was pulled over for running a red light, but I never did.
Do you believe that the officer lied?
There was a camera on the signal. So, he was obviously lying.
Your license plate was caught on camera?
A picture of my license plate was never taken.
Since there is no picture of your license plate on record, I'm going to let you go.
Thank you. I'm glad that you believe me.

Hey Joe, what are you doing in this department store?
Hi, Rita, I'm just looking for a pair of shoes. I won't be here for long.
Why not? When I go shoe shopping, I have so many options for sneakers that I spend awhile looking at all of the choices.
That's my problem. I don't have a lot of options. What do you mean?
This is a big store, isn't it?
Yes, but I have unusually big feet. That wouldn't be too much of a problem except that they're also very wide, and only a few brands sell shoes that I can fit into.
So how do you usually go about buying shoes, then?
Well, first of all, I can only go to certain stores that can guarantee me a large selection.
Well, you're in the right store. If they don't have it, no one will.
After that I choose something from one of the few brands that I know will fit me. I prefer white, so I ask them to bring me a pair of white sneakers in my size. Since I’m usually only given one or two pairs of shoes that meet my qualifications, it makes it a very easy choice.

what shall we do after the volleyball match?
how about going to the Olympic souvenir store to have a look? I remember there is one in the gym.
that's a good idea. I was thinking of buying some gifts for my family. me, too.
What did you have in mind?
I haven't decided yet, but I think the Olympic Mascots are a must.
I agree. They're very lovely, especially " Huan Huan ".
is that the red one? That is my favorite, too. Do you know how much they are?
the five dolls are sold together as a set, and they're priced according to the size. The bigger they are the more expensive.
oh, I see. If I buy more than a set, can I get any discount?
I don't think so. All the souvenirs of the Olympic Games are very hot right now.
any other ideas?
there are lots of things, such as postcards, key chains, posters and various arts and crafts.
it all sounds great. We can go there after the match. I can't wait to see what they have.

Mom?! I hate eating vegetables?!
You don’t have to eat them. I don’t mind.
Thanks mom?! Can I have dessert now? I love chocolate cake?!
No dessert for you unless you eat all your vegetables.
But I don’t like them?! It’s not fair?!
You can have some fruit for dessert. If you eat an apple and a banana, I might let you have a small piece of chocolate cake.
Ok... actually, I don’t mind eating peas and carrots, buy I hate broccoli and cauliflower.
I’ll remember that for next time. You’ll get extra peas and carrots, buy no broccoli or cauliflower. OK?
Thanks mom?!

It was very kind of you to give me a tour of the place. It gave me a good idea of your product range.
It’s a pleasure to show our factory to our customers. What’s your general impression, may I ask?
Very impressive, indeed, especially the speed of your NW Model. That’s our latest development. A product with high performance.
We put it on the market just two months ago. The machine gives you an edge over your competitors, I guess.
Certainly. No one can match us as far as speed is concerned.
Could you give me some brochures for that machine? And the price if possible.
Right. Here is our sales catalog and literature.
Thank you. I think we may be able to work together in the future.

Is the factory fully-automated?
Not completely. Our production process is partially-automated. We use robots on the production line for routine assembly jobs but some of the work is still done manually.
What about supply of parts to the production line?
Well, the parts are automatically selected from the store room using a bar-code system. And there is an automatic feeder which takes them to the conveyor belt at the start of the production line.
What about the smaller components?
They're transported to the workstations on automated vehicles - robot trucks - which run on guide rails around the factory.

I'm glad you're on your ten-year reunion planning committee.
Yeah, you get the TV to yourself while I spend my nights surfing the Net for missing classmates. That's not why. This way I can see how you guys do this sort of thing.
I guess. Don't you have reunions in Taiwan?
Definitely. Every year. But just for our forty-person class. Ours are for everyone that graduated in the same year.

What does your job involve?
I'm the Project Manager so I have to make sure our projects run smoothly. I work with three Project Engineers. They take care of after-sales service and look after the maintenance side of the business.

How many languages can you speak?
Besides Chinese, I can speak English and French. You mean you can read and write both of them?
No, I can only carry on a simple conversation in French.
Can you read and write English well?
I can speak the language better than read and write.
Do you speak the language well enough to communicate with people of English-speaking countries?
I think so. I used to be an interpreter. Do you think your English is good enough to do desk work?
The amount of English I know enables me to do general desk work. I believe what I know is sufficient to work in an American firm.

What can I get for you? Here is the menu.
Let me have a look. Well, how many kinds of steaks do you have?
We have sirloin steaks, pepper steak, and filet steak.
Is there something go with the filet steak?
Yes, we have various sauces.
What about the gravy?

Are you ready to go shopping?
Just a minute. I need to make a list of thinks that we need.
Good idea. Have you written down potatoes, carrots, and onions?
I don’t have onions on my list. I’ll add them. We should get some tea. Is green tea ok or should we get the same tea that we usually get?
Let’s get both. We need some coffee too. Is that on your list?
Yes, it is. Here’s my list. Is there anything that I’Ve forgotten?
I think you’Ve got everything. I want to got some chocolate and some cheese.
What kind of cheese do you want.
I’m not sure. I’ll decide at the cheese counter, when I can see what they have.
Have we got enough money?
We don’t have enough cash, so I’ll take my credit card and we can pay with that.
Where are the car keys?
I’Ve got them there. Shall I drive?

Hello, can you tell me how to use the telephone?
If you want to order meals, call 8801.If you need other help, call 8803 and someone will be there.
Thank you so much. By the way, is there a mail service?
Yes, you can take your letters to the counter over there.

I am afraid that the fax machine in my room won’t be working till tomorrow. A technician has just come and checked it. He will bring me a new one tomorrow. It seems there is a big problem with mine and it will take some days for repairing. Can I use the one in your office?
Of course you can. I am sure this one works very well. I just sent dozens of pages. How many pages are you sending? Are you familiar with my fax machine?
Yes, I think you have the same model as I have.
Does your fax machine print out immediately a transmission protocol?
Yes, it will print immediately.

How many years have you done business with China?
Let me see, about five years, we established our business relationship with Hua Mei of China Import & Export Corporation in 2003.
Do you have any difficulties in doing business in China? You know the Chinese economic legislation is still incomplete?
I don't think I have any problem with our Chinese partners. They have always followed the contract strictly. We can do business directly with the corporation. As I mentioned before, the Chinese government is trying very hard to perfect its law. Its commercial legislation provides legal protection for foreign companies.
Well, it's known that the Sino-American relation is in a dilemma. Does it influence your business in China?
Actually not at present. But we are afraid it will. You know policies influence business to some extent.
I hope our government will not be influenced by some extremists. China is really a large market. We don't want to lose it.
Thank you.
You're welcome.

Give me a pack of first-class stamps, please.
Here you are. That will be five dollars. Anything else?
Yes. I want some post cards and some airmail stamps. I want to send some letters to South America.
Just a moment, I'll look up the rate for air-mail letters to South America.
Can you tell me how much it will cost to send a package to Colombia? Also, I what to know how long it will take.
Do you have the package with you? I would have to weigh it to see how much it would cost. Do you insure package?
Yes. All you have to do declare the value of the package and decide how much you want to insure it for.
Is there a way that I can be sure that the people in South america receive my package?
The post office rarely loses package. You can, however, request a rectum receipt.
One last question-what are your hours?
We open at eight-thirty in the morning and close at five-thirty in the afternoon.
Thank you, you helped me a lot.

Hello, thank you for taking the time to interview me.
Hi there, I’m Bill Gotcha, the owner of Gotcha Enterprises. Did you find your way here OK?
Your assistant gave wonderful directions.
Why are you switching jobs at this point in your career?
Our Company is moving overseas and I wish to stay in the United States.
What are you best at?
I am good at organizing systems that have been having problems.
What is your biggest challenge in terms of skills?
I don’t like to sit around and so like to always find things to do to keep myself busy.
That is good to hear?!

Good morning. SRC international. How may I help you?
Good morning. I'd like to speak to Peter. Chen Please.
Certainly. Who should I say is calling?
This is Tim. Hunter from Hunter industries.
And what is it regarding please?
We have an appointment for this afternoon. Mr. Chen will know why I'm calling.
Of course, Please hold the line Mr. Hunter.

Right, let me run through your options. You can go ahead and cash your undue Large-Amount Deposit Certificate if you really want to, but I'd recommend a Personal Durable Commodities Loan.
OK, what does that entail?
It's not too much trouble to do it this way and remember, your certificate is due in 2 months. If you can hold on to it, it'll be much better for your finances.
Yes, it does seem a little silly to cash it now. I'll probably need about 25,000 RIB. Will that be a problem?
Not at all, Mr Zu. As the certificate is due in 2 months, you can get the loan on mortgage of that certificate.
I'm glad you thought of this. I'd have just gone ahead and cashed it?! And I suppose I can use the money from the certificate to pay back this Personal Durable Commodities Loan and I won't lose any interest, right?
Exactly right. If you'd like to go ahead, I can process that for you now, Mr Zu.
Absolutely, Jenny. Thanks very much, I think you've saved me quite a lot of money today.

My aunt told me one of her secrets--cellophane tape. I just got it at the special health store. It's for my flabby arms.
Let me know how it works. I have to say, I have had enough of this roller coaster.
I know what you mean. I'm like a yo-yo. Last week I was down to 60 kilos. This week I had one donut more. Now I'm up to 62 kilos.

May I have a menu, please?
Of course. Could you tell me how this thing is cooked? Lobster?
It is steamed and served with our special sauce.
Is it good?
Sure. It is a most popular dish.
I think I will try some lobster, and give me some green salad together.

Can’t you come in and have tea now, Peter?
Not yet, I must water the garden first.
Do you have to water it now?
I’m afraid I must. Look at it?! It’s terribly dry.
What a nuisance?! Last summer it was very dry, too. Don’t you remember? I had to water it every day.
Well, I’ll have tea by myself.
That was quick?! Have you finished already? Yes, Look out of the window. It’s raining.
That means you needn’t water the garden.
That was a pleasant surprise. It means I can have tea, instead.

I'm broke, and I have to catch another bus.
Why don't you have any money for another bus?
I got hungry and bought some chips.
That was smart.
Anyway, do you have any change I can use for the bus?
I don't have any.
I don't know how I'm going to get home.
Get a transfer from the bus driver.
How much is a transfer?
It doesn't cost anything.
That's great?! Thanks for your help.
You know what? Don't mention it.

Hello, Anna. Come in and sit down.
Hello, doctor.
What's the matter? I've got a backache.
Do you often suffer from backache?
No, I don't. I've never had a bad one before. When did it start?
About four days ago.
Well, go home and rest in bed for two days, then you'll feel better. Can you give me some medicine? It's very painful.
Yes, I'll give you some pills. Take one a time and three times a day, and come back in three days. If you don't feel...

Welcome on board. May I see your boarding pass?
Here you are. Your seat is three, in the third row, near the window.
Thank you. Where can I put my suitcase?
Either in the overhead compartment or underneath the seat.
Everyone's attention, please. We are going to take off. Please fasten your belts.

Hello, madam. How do you like your staying here?
Quite good. Excuse me, are there any places of interest?
Yes, there are so many near our hoteI. Three blocks away from here, there is temple. It's famous for its building and paintings. lt' s worth visiting.
Thank you. I think today we will go there.

You're here to make a deposit, is that correct?
Right. I'd like to deposit 2,000 RIB into my Current Account.
No problem. Could I have the cash and your Bank Book, please?
Oh dear... there seems to be some problems here... What? What's wrong?
I'm sorry but 5 of these notes seem to be counterfeit. Look at this watermark, do you see it?
It does look a little strange, I didn't notice that before.

Hello, sir. Is there anything I can help you find?
Um... Uh... I'm just looking, thanks.
Need a gift for your girlfriend or wife...
No, no, no. I'm just browsing. Thanks anyway.
Well, if you need anything, just ask. Um... well, where's the men's shoe department?
It's on the third floor. Turn left when you get off the escalator.
Thanks.

An idea about killing time on a train?
I advise you to read Playboy.You can get a lot from it.
But there's quite a lot of rumors about it.
That's why it's interesting.

Have you brought the receipt with you?
No, I don't. I left it home.
Sorry, but we can't do anything without the receipt. Come back with it.
I didn't know. I'll go to get it. How late will you be open?
Till 5:30.

I haven't told you what happened yet, have I?
I haven't heard anything.
My boss offered me a promotion, and I took it.
Are you serious?
Yes, I am really excited.
That's great. Congratulations?!
Thank you.
Actually, I could not believe it at first. You know, there're so many outstanding people in our company. Many of them are qualified to fill that position.
Sure, but you really did great and outperformed the others. You deserved it?!
Thank you very much.

I like Chinese food.
I like Chinese food, too. I like dumplings best. At school, we sometimes have Chinese food for lunch.
That's good. We eat Chinese food only at the Chinese restaurant.
My mother can make some Chinese food.
Really? That's wonderful?!

OK. Come back into the classroom, class.
Does the class start again, Mam?
Yes, but to the heath, this break has last long enough.
Oh, breaktime flies. come on, baby. It’s time now.
Mam, another minute, could I?
Hurry up, little boy.

What's the actual flight time from here to San Francisco?
It's about twelve hours.
Can you tell me what time we're arriving?
Sure. Let me see... at 6:15 a. m. local time.
I see. And that'll be 10:15 p. m. Beijing time.

Excuse me, but I'm not feeling too well. I think I'm going to throw up.
There's an airsickness bag behind the seat that's in front of you.
I must've missed it. Is this your first time flying?
Yes. I'm going to San Francisco.
Oh, it's a beautiful city. I think you'll like it.
Hey, I'm feeling much better already.
Sometimes if you don't think about it, that sick feeling will go away on its own.
Thanks.
By the way, my name is Mary.
I'm Frank. Nice to meet you.

Welcome to Al's Bakery. What can I get you?
Hi?! Let me get a dozen croissants, four blueberry muffins and a loaf of sourdough bread.
Sure. Would you like to have the loaf sliced?
No, that's OK. Do you have any whole wheat bread?
We are out at the moment. May I suggest some rye bread?
Sure that sounds good. Do you have any cakes?
We have various birthday cakes and also ice cream cakes.
I'll just take a cheesecake.
Will that be all?
Yes.
Your total is forty three dollars and twenty cents.
You got it.

Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, we are happy you have all come out for our training workshop. Today we have a great line-up of speakers to talk to you. First on our program is a well-renown expert in the field of international economic development, Harvard's own Dr. James Smith. Dr. Smith has been involved in economic research for over twenty years, and has taught at Harvard since 1995. And now, without further adieu, we'd like to welcome Mr. James Smith.
Thank you, Mr. Jackson, ladies and gentlemen, colleagues, friends. The subject of my talk is international relations in a morgen world. I plan to say a few words about the current situation in the Middle East and how it affects world economy. I'd like to give you an overview of the way that the economies of seemingly unrelated countries are intertwined. I've divided my talk into three parts, first an overview of international relations, second a discussion of current political situations, and lastly trends for the future. My presentation will take about two hours, but there will be a twenty-minute break in the middle. We'll stop for lunch at 12.

You're looking rather pale, why?
I couldn't sleep well recently.
You'd get plenty of sleep for you work so hard.
I always drink too much wine in the evening.
You shan't drink more wine in the evening.
Yes, you are right.
And you'd take some exercise every day.
Many thanks for your advice.

Hello Mrs Parker, how have you been?
Hello Dr Peters. Just fine thank you. Ricky and I are here for his vaccines.
Very well. Let's see, according to his vaccination record, Ricky has received his Polio, Tetanus and Hepatitis B shots. He is 14 months old, so he is due for Hepatitis A, Chickenpox and Measles shots.
What about Rubella and Mumps?
Well, I can only give him these for now, and after a couple of weeks I can administer the rest.
OK, great. Doctor, I think I also may need a Tetanus booster. Last time I got it was maybe fifteen years ago?!
We will check our records and I'll have the nurse administer and the booster as well. Now, please hold Ricky's arm tight, this may sting a little.

I’m interested in teaching at your school.
Great. Are you a qualified teacher?
Yes.
What kind of teaching certificate do you have?
I have a TEFL certificate.
How many years of experience do you have?
I have three years of teaching ESL and four years of teaching per-school children.
When did you get your TEFL certificate?
I got my TEFL certificate three years ago.
Why do you want to teach at our school?
Well, I’Ve heard many good things about it. I also like teaching young children.
That’s great. Can you speak Chinese?
Yes, just a little.
Can you come in for an interview tomorrow at 10:00?
I sure can.
Great. See you then.

Why is the car before us stopping?
What's going on? Look. Two cars are standing right in the middle of the road and the drivers are shouting rude words to each other.
That's why that car stops.
More and more people easily get irritated while driving.
Yes. This is what is called road rage.

This is today’s schedule. At 8 thirty AM, conference with the department managers. At 9 o’clock, live for the workshop where you’ll award prizes to the staff for preventatives.
That’s great. What are the prizes?
3000 RIB as bonus for each person. To encourage the staff increases.
Ok. Next thing is laying the corner-stone for the new plant at 10 AM. At 12 AM, back here for lunch. What about the afternoon? At 2 PM, give a presentation here with the press. At four o’clock sharp, have dinner with Mr. Smith, manager of NCC.

This is Lincoln Bank, Consumer Credit Department. How can I help you?
Ah, hello. I'm calling to find out how I apply for a car loan.
We offer a Personal Automobile Consumer Loan. The application process is pretty straight forward. I trust you have enough funds to cover the 20 % down payment?
Yes, I do. It's ready and waiting in my account.
The next step is for us to recommend a dealer to you, who are already contracted to us, so...
Could I just stop you there? Sorry to interrupt, but I have already been to your appointed dealer and selected the car I want.
That will certainly cut down the processing time. We can move on to the next step. Do you have the purchase price?
Yes, it's 110,000 RIB. So, with the down payment done, I will need to borrow 70,000 RIB.
What we need you to do next is to come into the branch with a correctly filled in application form, ID card, proof of residency, proof of income, the agreement from the agent and of course the 20 % down payment.
Yes, I have everything here.
OK, I'll come in and see you later today. Maybe I could have my new car as early as next week?! How exciting?!

Hi, my name is Tom.
Tom, the new sales representative? Nice to meet you?! I'm Melinda.
Nice to meet you too.Melinda. Now let me show you around. This is our reception area, and our conference room is right over there. Over here is the sales department.
Really? This is a nice office, but it's quite small.
Yeah... You can make photocopies and send faxes over there.
It looks like you guys work hard.
I tell you what just between you and me, we just mess things up so that it looks like we work hard.Just kidding.
Oh, your cubicle is over the. And this way. Those are all private offices the managers offices.
Hmm... Tell me more details about our jobs.
Sure thing.

What do you think of our price? Your price has gone up sharply, hasn't it?
Yes. We regret we cannot maintain our original price. Since the prices of the raw materials have been raised, we have to adjust the price of our products accordingly.
I agree with you there, but your price is unreasonable.
I don't think so. You must compare our price with that of other export houses. I'm sure our offer is in line with the prevailing market price level.
I don't think we'll be able to pay the price.
To have this business concluded, you need to lower your price at least by 3 %.
I’m afraid that there is no room for any reduction in price.
Don't you agree with me that in the long run, moderate prices will bring about large sales and more profit?
We've already cut down our price to cost level.
Is that all?
Yes, this is the best we can do.
I'm sorry we can't handle the price you offered.

So, Jimmy, how does it feel to have your own money?
It’s great, dad. I don’t mind delivering papers, but the real fun is collecting the money.
Even though you are only twelve, it’s not too early to start saving a little money.
I’Ve never had a bank account before. Why don’t I just keep my money under the matters like grandpa does?
You know you would spend it. And also, money in the bank earns interest.
But what if I need my money suddenly?
The bank will give you a PIN, and you can withdraw money from any ATM.
Great?! So it’s almost the same as keeping it under the matters?!
Not quite. You have to maintain a minimum balance of twenty dollars. And sometimes the bank has service charges. But you don’t have to worry about that yet. Let’s go make your first depot OK.
Guess I have to do that before. I can make money my first withdrawal.

Is this where I can catch a bus to the theater?
Yes, but you can't get there with out a change.
Which bus do I have to change?
You have to get off at the hospital and change for bus 15.
I see. Thank you.

Here we are, Joan. This is the Palace museum, also known as the Forbidden city.
Oh, how splendid?! Can you take a picture of me here?
Sure.

Excuse me. I'm afraid I got lost. Where am I on this map?
We are here, bus station, we are in the heart of the city.
Oh?! Can I go from here to the Zhongshan Park?
Head straight up the street about two blocks then turn right.

Tony, could you tell me if there are any special rules about the job?
Working hours are from 8: 30 a. m. to 5:00 p. m. Be sure not to be late or absent. Report to the manager by filling in the' Monthly Report' every month.
Is there anything else? How about my salary?
Our company has a strict and reasonable salary standard. On the 20th day of every month, you can get your salary on time. Benefits depend upon the length of service and the employee's past attendance record.
Wow, thank you for telling me these. Do you mind telling me something else, like attendance record, holiday, and how to ask for leave?
All new members are likely to ask the same questions. Haha.
I can understand that. Every month you have three days off, besides the weekends and some important holidays. After you've been here for a year, you qualify for a one-week vacation. The leave less than a half-day should predict for an hour, and more than a half-day should predict three days.
Okay, that's good. I get it.

Kate, you never believe what's happened.
What do you mean?
Masha and Hero are getting divorced.
You are kidding. What happened?
Well, I don't really know, but I heard that they are having a separation for 2 months, and filed for divorce.
That's really surprising. I always thought they are well matched.
What about the kids? Who get custody?
Masha, it seems quiet and makable, no quarrelling about who get the house and stock and then contesting the divorce with other details worked out.
That's the change from all the back stepping we usually hear about.
Well, I still can't believe it, Masha and Hero, the perfect couple.
When would they divorce be final?
Early in the New Year I guess.

Overseas operator. I would like to make a collect call to Taipei, Taiwan, please.
Your name, please.
Tim Chen.
What's the number, please.
The area code is 2, and the number is 2367-9960.
The line is connected. Please go ahead.

Hello. Excuse me.
Yes. Can I help you? Do you remember me? I just had lunch here a half hour ago.
Of course I remember you.
I think I lost my wallet here.
Oh, no. Really? I didn't see anything.
Really? You didn't find a wallet?
No, I didn't.
Would you like to go look by the table with me?
Yes, I would.
It's not here. And it's not on the floor.Has anyone sat at this table since we left?
No. It's been empty the whole time.
Hmm. I don't know how it could have happened.
I remember, sir, that your friend took the bill.You didn't pay for the lunch yourself, did you?
No. My friend did.
Then are you sure you took your wallet out of your pocket while you were here?
No, I'm not sure. But I usually take out my wallet when I sit down.It' s uncomfortable to sit on it. So I usually put it next to me on the table.
Maybe you lost it before you came here. Or maybe you left it at home.
I don't think it's at home. I think I had it when I left the house.But what should I do?
Well, the first thing you should do is make sure it's not at home.Then, if it isn't, you need to call your credit card companies and cancel your cards. Next, you need to replace whatever you lost, your driver's license, things like that.
Should I call the police?
You can if you want. But the police usually don't do anything about lost wallets.
Hmm. I'll go home and check. Maybe you're right. Maybe it's at home.
I'm sorry we couldn't find it, sir.
Thanks for your help.

Good morning, young lady. You can call me Ma. Do you see anything you like?
Yes. Many things?! I especially love this beautiful quilt.
That quilt was passed down to me from my ma in Holland.
It sounds like a special quilt. Why do you want to sell it?
Well, this home is too big for me now, so I'm moving to an apartment that is much smaller. Therefore, I need to part with a few things.
Oh, I see. Umm, how much do you want for the quilt?
Is fifteen dollars OK?

Have you got change for a thousand?
Let me see.

May I come in, Mr Sun?
I’d rather you didn’t, Miss Yang. I’m very busy now.
Can I try later then?
Yes, of course.
Is it all right for me to come in now, Mr Sun?
Well, uh... I’m still pretty busy, but... all right. Come in.
What can I do for you?
Do you mind if I sit down?
Not at all. Take a seat. Now what can I do for you?
I want to leave the department. Do you think I could put info a transfer?
Yes.
But why should you want to do that?
Do you mind if I speak frankly?
Not at all. Go ahead.
Well. You see, I don’t like the office. I don’t like the staff. And I’m afraid of you. And I don’t want to go one. So may I put info a transfer?
Yes. I’d be delighted if you did.

Where is that? Take me to the airport, please.
Are you in a hurry?
I have to be there before 17 o'clock.
We'll make it except a jam. You know it's rush hour.
There's an extra ten in it for you if you can get me there on time.
I'll do my best.
Here's twenty dollars. Do you have small bills?
No. If you can't break it, keep the change. But can you give me a receipt?
Here is your receipt.
Thank you.

Recently I have been getting headache and my eyes don't seems to see focus properly.
When did you last time have your eyes checked?
Two years ago. At that time I had no problems.Now I can’t even make out something ten meters away.
Come over here. I will test your eyes. First cover your left eye like this, and when I point, please read the chart from the top, and go as far as you can, telling me which way the “ E ” points.
All right. Good.Now the other eye. Well, this one is worse.
Never mind, just read as far as you can.
I can only read the first three lines.

Is there a car park near the supermarket?
Yes, there is an underground car park near the supermarket.
I see. Thanks.

Oh, come on, Ultraman?! What's up, Bro? What's in the bulletin?
It says that there will be a blackout from 5 p. m. to 7 p. m. in our neighborhood today.
Blackout? Even the TV has the limit. Don't you know you will look like a monster in the blackout?
Oops, no, Daddy can't watch American Idol, either?! That's not the point.
Come on, can you imagine that there will be no electricity on such a hot day? Oh, my god?! No air-conditioner?!
OK, since you are the smart one, can you come up with a better plan? So that we won't be baked like cookies here.
How about playing Barbie out there in the neighborhood?
Barbie? You know, I might be seven, but I'm not a girl.
Do you have a better plan?
All right, all right.

Yes, ma'am, how could I help you?
I am wondering if you do facial care?
Yes, we do.
How much would it be?
From 200 to 800.
I'm afraid 800 is too expensive for me. Could you recommend something around 300?
No problem.

Can I help you, Miss?
I would like to order 2 office-style cabinets and desk calendars. We want office-style cabinets in white. The catalogue number is 90-f-2356.
How soon do you want it?
Could you deliver it tomorrow?
No problem. Please handle the items carefully.
Certainly.
We will pay by collect on delivery.

I hate to do this to you, Alice, but I’m going to have to ask you to put in some more overtime.
Does it have to be this afternoon, Mr. Fairbanks? I’Ve already made plans.
Well, I would have preferred to do it today, but if you’Ve already made plans, we can do it tomorrow.
I’d appreciate that, sir. How long do you think you’ll need me to stay?

What’s your attitude when do wrong things at work?
The buck stops here.

Hello?! Is your company advertising for administrative assistant on the newspapers?
Well, Administrative assistant with shorthand and typing skills are badly needed here.
First I want to check about the availability and see if you could give me more information.
The position calls for a person with some working experience. We must be able to benefit from your analytical and interpersonal skills. Can you deliver your resume to us first?
Of course. I will deliver my resume to you in minutes' time. I hope you will consider my application and I shall appreciate a reply at your earliest convenience.
OK. I will call you soon. Bye now.
Bye.

Just as the saying goes, every potter praises his own pot. You should pay special attention to selling yourself properly in the interview. It is especially important for the graduates who step into the job market for the first time. You'd better prepare what you are going to say in advance, in order to have a good performance in the interview. The contents should be mainly descriptions of your background. And the length depends on the particular situation. Only when you are aware of what the interviewer will be interested in, can you make a targeted preparation. To sell yourself successfully, you should leave the interviewer a deep impression. Selling yourself should go straight to the point, and the statement should be clear and brief. It should also be truthful and realistic. Do not blindly blow your own horn. You should particularly state your strong points which are closely related to the position you are applying for. While you should not omit your weak points, they need to be described appropriately Time permitted, you could add certain examples to your description. Besides, in the interview, it is best that you make corresponding adjustments to apply your prepared contents flexibly.

Hello?
Hi, Deborah?! This is John. I'm calling from Australia.
What are you doing in Australia?
I'm attending a conference in Sydney this week. Remember?
Oh, right. What time is it there?
It's 10:00 P. M. And it's four o'clock in Los Angeles, right?
Yes - four o'clock in the morning.
4:00 A. M.? I'm really sorry.
That's OK. I'm awake now.

John hasn't turned up and Stefan is ill. Do we have anyone on stand-by?
I'm afraid not, we're very short-staffed at the moment.
Can you ask the shift supervisor to ask one of his team to do some overtime?
Perhaps Tommy can stand in for an hour or two until we find a replacement.

Jack, let’s go?! Oh, you are out of breath?! What happened?
Some people are wildly shooting on the next street. We must leave here as soon as possible?!
Take it easy. They will get caught.

Hello. May I speak to Jerry, please?
Sorry, but he is out for lunch right now.
I see. Can you give me some idea how long he'll be back?
I think he will be back around 2:00. If you like, please leave your name and phone number, I'll have him call you as soon as he comes back.
That's nice. My name is Steven, my phone number is 6789777.
Okay, I'll be waiting for his call. Thank you and bye?!
My pleasure, bye?!

Excuse me, Miss. What can I do for you?
I've just heard an announcement that my flight has been delayed.
What's your flight number?
Flight CA216 to Chengdu.
Yes, it's true. It has been delayed.
Could you please tell me why?
Yes, of course. The delay is due to heavy rain.
How long will the delay be? Do you have any further information about it?
I am sorry, we don't know the extent of the delay at present. But according to the latest weather forecast, there will be a change in weather soon. We have to wait.
Well, is it possible for the rain to stop before noon?
It's hard to say. Weather is so changeable in the summer. Please listen to the latest announcement about your flight.
Yes, I will. Thanks a lot. Bye?!
Bye

What are we going to do? I can't get the car out of this ditch. I'm stuck?!
I'm worried, Tom. I haven't seen any other cars for almost an hour.
I know. This is terrible. What can we do? This snow doesn't stop falling?!
I told you we should have stayed in town today.The weather report said 100 percent chance of snow.Why did you want to come up here?
I wanted to show you the cabin. We only had another half-hour to go.
Well, now we're stuck. What can we do?
I don't know. I've heard that when this happens, it's important to save energy.
What do you mean? We're stranded here, Tom. We may be here a long time.We need to conserve the gas in the car. The car's energy is what will keep us warm.
I have plenty of gas.
Yes, but the gas and the battery both have to stay working.We can't just let the car run and run.If we do, it will die soon. Then we'll freeze.
So what can we do?
Turn the lights off.Then, run the car and the heater only about fifteen minutes every hour.That will conserve the heat as long as possible.
Alright. That's a good idea. I wish we hadn't come up here. Now we'll probably be here for days.
Days?
Yes, it happens.That is what happens in big snowstorms. People get stranded for days.
Oh, my God?! It's good we have food. Probably we'll survive.But turn the car off for about forty-five minutes. Then we'll turn it on again.

Hey, buddy, can’t you see there’s a line?
Oh, sorry. I didn’t know.
What? You haven’t taken the bus before?
No, I’m afraid not.
Well, you have to wait in line like everyone else. Besides, you should let old people on first.
Sorry.
It’s all right. Where are you going?
I wanted to see the White House.
Oh, well you don’t want this bus, anyway. It goes to Georgetown.
Oh, no. It’s all right, though. Just get off at the next stop and catch the 79A.
Oh, well thank you very much.
You’re welcome.

Can I help you?
I'd like the double cheese burger meal, please.
What kind of drink would you like with that?
Just coke will be fine.
Would you like a super size meal? Only 2 RIB more, you'll get large coke and fries instead of medium. And today we are offering free toys all the meal boxes.
That sounds good, thanks, I'd like that. Actually I'd like sprite instead of coke, thanks.
That's not a problem, Miss. Will that be it?
Yes, that's all. That will be 25RMB, please
You got it.

Do you have any night tours?
Yes, we will depart in 10 minutes.
Is that a guided tour?
Yes, it is.
That's fine. Let's get on the bus.

I am sure we will make it up as soon as possible.
That's nice. We hope this matter will not affect our good relations in our future dealings.
Of course not. We have cooperated for a long time.

I would like to purchase some meat.
What kind of meat would you like to get today?
First off, I'm going to need a pound of ground beef.
A pound of ground beef is $ 2.48.
That's perfect. What else will you be needing?
I'm also going to need three pounds of chicken breasts.
The chicken breasts cost $ 4.05 per pound. What's the total price for the chicken?
It's going to be $ 12.15.
Okay, I think that will be all for me today.

I think you know already that I want to discuss the represent - ton for your alarm clocks.
Yes, Mr. Bergeron. You mentioned that in your letter.
To tell you the truth, your proposal surprised us.
Is that so?
Anyhow I want to go over the details with you in person, so you can give my suggestion thorough consideration.
Our firm specializes in this line of business. We have six sales representatives, who are on the road all the time, covering the whole of the European market.
Do you sell direct to shops?
Yes, we specialize in handling clocks and watches of all sorts. We have well established channels of distribution and we canvass the retailers direct, without any middlemen.
Do you keep a stock of these things?
In some cases, such as the wristwatches, which always have a steady market, we keep a stock in London and act as distributors as well as agents. Generally, however, we pass on the orders of our clients to the manufacturers for supply. We are paid for our service, of course.
That is, your commission.
Yes, our commission is very reasonable. We usually get a 10 % commission of the amount on every deal. Our agents in other areas usually get a 3-5 % commission. The European market is not familiar with your products. You have competitors from Japan and other continental countries. At the beginning of our campaign, there is sales resistance to overcome, we must send out salesmen to do a lot of traveling and spend a considerable amount of money on advertising in news - papers and TV programs. A 10 % commission will not leave us much.
According to your estimate, what is the maximum annual turn - over you can fulfill, in round figures, of course?
We will always do our utmost to enlarge the business, as our remuneration increases with the turnover, but we will not guar - ante anything, at least not to begin with.
We appreciate very much your intention to push the sale of our products. But our suggestion to you, Mr. Bergeron, as a preliminary step, is to do a little research into the market...
Do you mean to say you refuse us the agency?
Mr. Bergeron, you leave us no alternative. We can not give you an exclusive agency of the whole European market without having the slightest idea of your possible annual marketing turnover. Besides our price is worked out according to the costing. A 10 % commission means an increase in our price. We must have the reaction of the buyers in this respect.
Oh, that's just too bad. I intended to make great efforts in selling your products.
Well, we can still carry on our business relationship without the agreement. To start the ball rolling, we will provide you with price lists, catalogues and some samples. Only when you have a thorough knowledge of the marketing possibilities of our products, can we then discuss further details.
Ah, Mrs. Miller, but in this case am I covered?
Oh, yes. We will give you a 5 % commission on every transaction.
All right, but I'll be back again for the Autumn Fair. And then I hope we can see eye to eye about our commission and the terms of the agency.
Very good. We will discuss the matter again at the next Fair.

Excuse me, I’m sorry to trouble you. My name is Susan Ransom, and I have placed several orders with you company.
Yes, Mr. Ransom? This is Karl Miller. How may I help you?
Well, I wonder if you could track an order I placed with you last month. It hasn’t arrived yet.
Certainly, Ms. Ransom. Do you have an order number?

Have you worked out the offers. Mr. Thou?
Yes, we have. Here's our CIF quotation sheet. Please have a careful look.
Are the prices on the list firm offers?
Yes. All the quotations on the list are subject to our final confirmation.
I wonder whether there are any changes in your prices.
All these products are our best-selling lines. The prices of our products will change according to that of the international market demand. And we are always open to negotiate, especially on larger orders.
What do you have in mind?
How long does your offer remain valid?
I need some time to get my supervisors on board with this plan.
I understand. Our offer remains open for 4 days.

Hello sir, may I help you?
Yeah, I accidentally dropped my phone in the toilet.
I see. Well, you have come to the right place. We have over one hundred models of more than twenty leading mobile phone manufacturers.
Sounds good. I don’t want it to be too expensive, maybe something mid-range.
We have this new ETC smart phone.It comes with the Android OS so you can download applications. It also has a built-in camera, mp3 player and touch screen. It works on the 3G network so you have fast access to the internet wherever you are.
What about Wi-fi?
Of course?! You can access the internet from any hotspot as well as from home.
One last thing. Is it waterproof?

We have been over this a hundred times?! We are not getting a pet?!
Why not? Come on?! Just a cute little puppy or a kitty?!
Who is going to look after a dog or a cat?
I will?! I’ll feed it, bathe it and walk it every day?! We can get a Labrador or a German Shepard?!
What if we want to take a vacation? Who will we leave it with? Plus, our apartment is too small for that breed of dog.
Ok. How about we get a cat or a ferret?
We’re planning on having children soon, I don’t think those animals are a good idea with a baby in the house.
Fine?! Let’s get a bird then?! We can keep it in its cage and teach it to talk?! A parrot would be awesome?!
I’ll tell you what, I can get you some hamsters and we’ll take it from there.
Yay?!

Good evening, Mr. Lee and thank you for choosing our airline. We have just discovered that this flight is overbooked. Would you like to volunteer to give up your seat?
Overbooked? Give up my seat? I don’t understand.
From time to time we have a situation in which there are more passengers than there are seats on the aircraft. That’s overbooked.
I know what overbooked is, I just don’t understand how that could happen?
Actually it’s a common practice to overbook, as passengers often don’t take their flight as scheduled. Most of the time there is no problem but today, more passengers arrived than we have seats,
So who has to stay behind?
Well, first we ask for volunteers. If someone like yourself volunteers, they receive a free round trip ticket to be used within one year. If no one volunteers we just have to select someone.
Ok. I’ll volunteer. I could use a free ticket?!

I want to rent this apartment.
I’m glad to hear that. How much are you asking?
You will have to pay $ 1050 every month.
I can’t afford that. What can you afford?
I was thinking $ 800 a month.
I’ll need you to pay more than that. How much more?
How does $ 900 every month sound to you?
I can live with that. We have a deal then.

Good morning, Miss Monica. Nice to meet you again?!
Good morning, Mr. Thomas, it is nice to see you too. After the internal discussion, we have all agreed that you are the most suitable person for this position among all the candidates. So, today let’s talk about your expected salary and social benefits. What is your expected salary?
I’Ve worked in the field for more than 4 years. Depend on my work qualifications and experience, I would like to have 5000 Yuan to start.
The basic salary for your position in our company would be 4800 Yuan to start with increases giving according to your performance.
It is a bit lower than I expected. But I can accept that.
What are the working hours?
40 hours a week, Monday to Friday, 9 AM to 5 PM with one hour lunch break every day..
Do I have to work on weekend? If so, how do you pay for the overtime?
We do expect overtime work when it is necessary, but we pay twice of the work hour for working on weekends and three times for working on national holidays like Spring Festival and the Mid-Autumn Day.
Is there probation?
No probation is involved. If you feel good, you can start next week.

Welcome to the McDonald's. What will it be for you, madam?
One Big Mac and French Fries.
Is there anything else?
Give me one coke, please.
Is this to go or to eat here?
To go, please.
That comes to four dollars and ten cents.
And can I have some ketchup, please?
It's on the service counter over there. Please go to help yourself.

What's the name of this street?
University Street.
Do you know of any banks near here?
You'll see one at the corner on your right.

Hey there, you look a little lost. Are you new here?
Yeah how’d you know?
You can always spot the newbies. I can give you a few pointers if you want. Were you trying to use this machine here?
Yeah?! I just started my training today and I’m not really sure where to begin.
It’s ok, I know how it is. This machine here will work out your upper body, mainly your triceps and biceps. Are you looking to develop strength or muscle tone and definition?
Well, I don’t want to be ripped like you?! I just want a good physique with weights and Carpio.
In that case you want to work with less weight. You can start off by working ten to fifteen reps in four sets. Five kilo weights should be enough. Now it’s very important that you stretch before pumping iron or you might pull a muscle.
Got it?!
Wow is that the weight you are lifting? My goodness that’s a lot of weight?!
It’s not that much. Just watch... I’m ok...

Excuse me.Could you tell me how to return to the Hilton Hotel? I am afraid I lost my way.
Do you have a hotel card or something? Let's see.Yes, I have the address and telephone number here.
Oh, you're staying at the downtown Hilton.Then, you go down two blocks this way and turn left.You' ll find it on the right.
Well, I don't understand it very well.Will you draw me a map?

Excuse me, but could you tell me the way to the railway station?
The railway station? Just go down this street and turn left at the second corner. The station is at the end of that street.
How long will it take me to get there?
It's about a ten-minute walk.
That's very clear. I think I can find my way now. Thank you.
Not at all.

How does the political system work in your country?
We have hundreds of constituencies and the voters in each one elect a member of parliament. Most people call them mp’s.
Each mp belongs to a political party, right?
Almost all of them do. A few are independent. That means that they do not belong to a party.
If one party more than half of the mp’s. they form a government. That means that they choose a prime Finist
What’s a cabinet?
This is a small group of people-perhaps 25 mp’s who are usually ministers. They make all the big decision and discuss laws and policy.
Can any mp make a law?
Any mp can present a law to parliament. The proposed law is debated and voted on. If it is accepted, it becomes law.
I suppose a proposed a law needs the support of the big political parties.
Yes, it does, because they have most of the mp’s. most mp’s vote the way their party wants them to.
How do people choose which party or candidate to vote for?
They produce manifesto. These documents which states their policies. Some people just vote for the same party every time there is an election. Voters who often change the party they vote for are Calle

How was your interview?
Pretty good. The HR manager asked me the usual questions. Then he wondered why I had decided to leave my previous job.
What did you say?
I told him that I hadn’t got a raise for three years. I also told him that one of my best co-workers quitted her job because she had not been promoted for eight years.
Did he want to know the reasons?
Yes. I told him that my boss made some excuses of the recession. But I thought he had a pattern and a record of promoting men only. That’s sex discrimination.
When will you get the reply?
In a couple of days, I was told.
Wish you good luck?!
Thank you.

What qualities do you think a senior executive should possess?
Generally speaking, he needs creativity, the ability to communicate, sense of personal responsibilities, the ability to solve problems and so on.
Do you have all these qualities?
Yes, I have all of them. I am totally competent to be a senior executive.

Hi. I need more amenities, please.
Could you be a little more specific, sir?
Well, to be more specific, the free stuff, like soap, lotion, and shampoo.
I understand. Now, you're saying that you've already used up all your amenities?
Oh, no?! I've got all I need for my stay here.
So, what's the problem?
I need souvenirs?!
You want some souvenirs?!
Yes, yes. Souvenirs.
But, sir, our souvenir shop carries all those items.
That's not the same thing. If you buy hotel souvenirs, they have no sentimental value.
I understand, sir. I'll call housekeeping. You'll have your souvenirs shortly.

Hello, may I help you?
Yes.We' re interested in seeing the rooms for rent.
Oh, how nice.They' re bright rooms and the house is very quiet.
A nice quiet house is exactly what we're looking for.
Well, gentleman.Each room is $ 40 a week if you think that's OK.
That sounds just wonderful to us. When do you want to move in?
How about this afternoon?
Fine. I'll be expecting you around two.

Are you ready to order? May I suggest a veal?
No, I'll have the fish please.
The chicken is also nice.
No, I want the fish.
Our special tonight is lobster.
Thank you, but I prefer the fish.
Perhaps you'd enjoy the lamb.
No, I like the fish.
What ever you say?

Am I ever hungry? When will supper be ready?
It's almost ready. Can you set the table?
All right. Want to taste this dish?
Yeah. Oh, it's delicious?! Really?
Definitely. It's a wonderful meal.
Thank you, Honey. If you like to help me do the dishes, I'll be more dreadful.
I wish I could, but I won't.

Good morning, Kate. Long time no see.
Good morning, Vera, Nice to meet you.
Kate, I know you’Ve been a stewardess for more than one year. And I’ll have an interview on stewardess tomorrow. Can you tell me some etiquette about the interview?
Of course. First you should do up your long hair and do make up but not too thick.
Is there anything else I should pay attention to?
Yes, when you attend the interview, you should pay attention to your manner, style of conversation and expression. You should keep smiling always, being polite when you talk with the interviewer. Don't move from time to time when you sit there. And you also should know how to use eye contact.
Thank you, I've learned so much from you.
That’s all right. Hope you can do better tomorrow.

Can you fix me a cup of tea, Johnny?
Well... uh... how about a glass of juice instead?
No. I'd like tea. Can you put it in my favorite cup? You probably washed it...
Oh, yeah. Well, uh, about your mug... I'll find it...
Where are all the floral pattern plates? And dad's Yankee's mug?

Good morning, sir. May I help you?
Yes, I'd like to settle my bill.
Certainly sir. May I have your room key, please?
Sure. Here you are.
Just a moment, please. I'll draw up your bill for you... Thank you for waiting, sir. Your bill totals two thousand six hundred and fifty-eight yuan, including the phone and laundry.
That much?! Would you mind letting me have a look at it?
Not at all, sir. Here you are.
Thanks. Well, It seems to be right. How much is that in dollars, please?
Just a moment, sir. I'll calculate that for you. It comes to 305 dollars and 52 cents at today's exchange rate.
I see. OK. How would you like to make the payment?
In cash, please.
Here you are.
Thank you, sir... Here is your change. Could you check it, please? Thank you for choosing our hotel. I hope you enjoyed your stay.
By the way, please forward my mail to this address.
Certainly, sir. We hope you have a good trip.

Hi, Sam. I want to buy a pet. Do you have any ideas?
You really should go to Rachel's pet store.
why? anything special there?
it's more than special. You can find as many kinds of animals as you can put a name to and more.
Oh, really? are there any snakes?
snakes? there are even rodents and monkeys?! it's a world of exotic pets.
that's terrific. I can't wait to check it out.
Hang on. are you sure you want to keep a non-traditional pet?
why not? it's so cool.
but it will pose a risk to your health.
pardon?
i mean, most reptiles carry some harmful bacteria. they are likely to cause immune system problems.
well, I didn't realize that. I don't believe it's a good choice to keep those pets, especially for families with young children.
oh, I should have thought of my brother's baby girl. Maybe I'll just have a dog instead of an exotic pet.
yes, good luck, Maria.

I’m a new student. My name’s Robert. Nice to meet you.
My name’s Sophie. Are you French?
Yes, I’m. Are you French, too?
No, I’m not. What nationality are you?
I’m Italian. Are you a teacher?
No, I’m not. What’s your job?
I’m a keyboard operator. What’s your job?
I’m an engineer.

I can’t believe Obama is our President.
I am proud to know that he is our President.
You voted for him, right?
Did you vote for him, because I know that I did.
I did, too. I have nothing but faith in Obama.
Really? I’m sure he will help better America.
We do need some change in this country.
Our country is already changing as it is.
You’re absolutely right. I trust that he will take good care of our country.

Do you have a reservation, sir?
No, I’m afraid we don’t.
I’m sorry the restaurant is full now. You have to wait for about half an hour. Would you like to have a drink at the lounge until there’s a table available.
No, thanks, I’ll come back later. May I reserve a table for two?
Yes, of course. May I have your name, sir?
Bruce
By the way, can we have a table by the window?
we’ll try to arrange it, but I can’t guarantee sir.
That’s fine.
your table's ready, sir? Please step this way.

Do you have coffee shops in China, too?
Yes, of course. There are many tea houses and bars in China, too. People can drink, eat and relax at these places.
You like to go to these places, don’t you?
Yes, sometimes the music there is so beautiful. It is very romantic. I can stay there for hours.
Do you often go there alone?
No, I often go there with my friends.

Hi there?! I am looking for a new car. I have this old Ford Pinto that I would like to trade in.
I see. You are in luck this month because all of our models are on sale?! it is a perfect time to buy a new car since it’s the end of the year.
Perfect?!
I like this one.
That is the Ford Focus. A very light but powerful vehicle. It comes with dual side airbags, power steering and power windows, tinted windows and your choice of either automatic or manual transmission.
Sounds like a good car?! How many miles to the gallon?
It is a very fuel efficient vehicle giving you about 34 miles in the city and 40 on the highway.
That is really convenient. Especially now that fuel prices are so high?!
What’s under the hood?
A very powerful 2.5- liter turbocharged engine, Trust me, this car is fast?!
Now for the most difficult question. What is the price tag for this lovely vehicle?
Very affordable mam. You can take it out of this lot today with 0 % down payment and no interest for the first year?! You can test drive it now and we can sign the papers when we get back.
Great?! Let’s do it?!

I wonder if you could help me, I'm looking for a room.
Well, I have got a vacancy.
What sort of price are you asking?
Eight dolls fifty a week excluding laundry.
Would it be convenient to see the room?
Can you call back later? We're right in the middle of lunch.

Could you give me an expense report? I would like to attach the invoices for my phone bill this season.
Here you are. Do you need glue?
That is very kind of you. I’m just running out of glue.
You’re welcome.

IBA, Jane speaking. How can I help you?
Hello. I'd like to speak to someone regarding my card.
Sorry, I'm not quite sure if I understand. In what way, Sir? Has your card been stolen?
No, no. Nothing at all like that. It's just that I applied for a credit card with you a while ago, my application was accepted, but I'm still waiting for my card.
Oh, I see, Sir. Well, it does take 5 working days to issue and post the card.
Yes, my application was accepted last Friday. Now it's Wednesday, that's more than 5 days.
Sorry, Sir, but it's 5 working days. This does not include weekends, so your card should be with you later this week.
Of course?! How silly of me?! Yes, 5 working days would mean this Friday, at the earliest.
I see. I'm sorry to trouble you.
It's no trouble at all, Sir. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nothing, thanks. I again apologise for the misunderstanding, bye for now.

What can I do for you, sir?
We'd like to order breakfast for tomorrow morning.
Yes, sir. What would you like?
Orange juice, scrambled eggs, bacon, toast and coffee.
OK, and when shall I bring it here?
About seven thirty.By the way, could you also bring me tomorrow's papers?
Of course, sir.

What shall we do when we find a shortage in the shipment?
You should do one of the two things - either to lodge a claim with the shipowner or with the insurance company.
Shall we leave it to the brokers?
Yes. They usually do it. Do they charge for that?
Of course. In Europe, they charge a commission of 1 % of the amount of the claim for their service.
Is it the same in America?
They do the work without charge to the importer. It's part of their service, isn't it?
Exactly. Is it enough to claim with an on board bill of lading?
No, you must also obtain a statement from the shipping agent certifying that the goods were actually loaded on their vessel for shipment.
I see. By the way, how do we prove the ownership of our goods?
You must provide full original set of ocean bills of lading original insurance policy or certificate and the original commercia invoice.
I see. Thank you.
You are welcome.

I'll be on business for a couple of days, could you take care of your sister?
OK, Mum, when will you be back?
I'll be back in ten days.

Passport, please, madam.
Just a minute, please. It's in my bag. Here it is.
Thank you. Please fill out the Baggage Declaration Form.
All right. Shall I enter all my belongings?
No, only the articles listed on the Declaration.

I’m hungry, let’s go grab a bite to eat.
Yeah me too.
Oh?! Can we stop at the shop really fast? I lost my makeup bag at the airport and I want to pick up a few things.
Will you take long?
No?! Five minutes I promise?!
Come on?! We have been here for almost an hour?! I thought you said you were only going to get a few things?! How long does it take you to pick out a lipstick and some nail polish?!
Are you crazy? You have no idea what you are talking about?! Just for my eyes I have to get eye-liner, an eyelash curler, eye shadow, an eyebrow pencil and mascara. Then I need to get foundation, liquid foundation.
Whoa whoa whoa?! Are you nuts? How much is all this going to cost? I’m looking at the price at each one of these little things and it’s outrageous?! This is basically a crayon?!
What about you? You spend as much or more money on your razors, after shave, cologne and gel?! Not to mention how much you spend on clothes and...
Fine?! Get the stupid thirty dollar crayon?!

Can I borrow five bucks?
No?!
Come on?! I'll pay you back on Tuesday.
Last time I lent you money, you never paid me back.
I promise if you lend me five dollars today, I will repay you in full next week.
Ok, but I'm taking your skateboard as collateral.
Fine?! I can't believe you don't trust me.
It's nothing personal, just business.

May I help you, sir?
Yes, please. I'm looking for a cotton polo shirt.
Any particular colour?
Not really. How about this one?
I like the design, but don't particularly care for the colour. Do you have that in other colours, too?
Well, they come in white, pale yellow, aqua, red and green. Will a white one do?
Yes. I prefer white - and may I see a pale yellow one, too?
Why, of course. Let's see... White... Pale yellow. Here you are, sir.

I’m so surprised to meet you in this remote village. Long time no see.
Yeah. How are you these days?

You look terrific and in good shape.
Thank you. How do you keep fit?
I do yoga twice a weeks
Yoga? It sounds interesting.
It was hard at the beginning, but now feel it's really relaxing. It makes me flexible.
Anything else?
Yes, I often go swimming. Are you interested in swimming?
Yes, I like it very much.

Are you going home now?
No, I'm not. What are you going to do? Are you going to work late?
No, I'm not. I'm going to look for an apartment.
An apartment? Why?
I'm going to try to find a place near the office.
Where are you living now?
Out in the suburbs. It's a long trip to work every day.
How are you going to find an apartment?
I'm going to buy a newspaper and check the classified ads.
Apartments in the city are expensive.
I know, but I'm going to enroll in a night school to take a course in business management.

no, no, you helped me with my computer last week. I want to repay the favor.
no, it's definitely my turn to treat you... you paid last time?!
oh, that was just a quick bite to eat---that doesn't count?!
ok, ok, how about we just go Dutch?
It's settled.
Listen, I'm still pretty new around here, would it be alright if you found the restaurant?
ok... sure.

I am waiting for a fax but just now I found there’s something wrong with the fax machine.
What’s wrong with the fax machine? Is it urgent?
Yes, very urgent. And there is no other fax machine around. And the office of our boss is closed, so I can not use his machine either. And his secretary is out. Do you have any suggestion?
Either call this extension number 0085 or ask them to send the fax to you as e-mail, you print it out.

Hey, Jim. It's time to wake up and get out of bed.
Do I have to get up now?
You'd better get up, or you'll be late.
What're you talking about? My alarm even hasn't gone off yet.
Yes, it did. It went off thirty minutes ago. You slept right through it. You're like a dead person while you sleep.
I must have slept right through it.
Rise and shine?! Sleepyhead?!
Just let me sleep five more minutes.
The early bird gets the worm.
I know, I know. But I don't want any worms. Ha?! Ha?!
If you don't make an effort now, later on it'll be a lot tougher for you.

What shall we do tonight?
How about the cinema?
That's a good idea. We haven't seen a film for ages. What would you like to see?
Oh I don't know. Titanic?
Titanic? That old film? but I've seen it before?!

I’Ve been told you might have a vacant room.
Yes. I have a spare room.
How much are you asking?
10.00 dollars a night.
Could I see the room, please?
Sure.Come on in.

Sit down, please. What's wrong with you?
I feel cold, and I'm shivering. I have a terrible headache and a sore throat.
How long have you been like that?
About a day.
Let me have a look at your throat first. Please open your mouth and say " ah ".
Ah... And show me your tongue... Thank you. That'll do. You have slight tonsillitis, and your throat is inflamed. How is your appetite?
Not so good. Now, let me take your temperature. Please put this thermometer under your armpit and let me feel your pulse? Your pulse is weak.
Do I have a temperature, doctor?
Yes, you have a high fever. I'd like to give you a blood test.

Yikes?! What was that noise?
I had to blow my nose.
Did you have to blow right next to the phone? Did you hear that?
Of course I heard that. I thought a plane had crashed into your house.
It wasn't that loud.
I will blow my nose sometime for you, and you'll see.
Okay. I'll take your word for it. I thought you had an elephant in your house.
You're funny.
What did you say? I think I've gone deaf.
I'm going into the bathroom to blow my nose. I'll be right back.

Can I have the check please?
Right away, sir.
Is this amount correct?
Yes, sir, it is.
Thank you, the service was good
Please come again.

Nowadays fewer and fewer people go to the movie theaters to see films. So I am afraid that the film studios are really getting hard time to survive.
What you said is true. But the film producers there are more flexible ways to get more audience. For example, to make more movie Ccds, so people will spend money buying them. But it is true that cinemas are losing the attraction they used to have in the past.
Yes. Take myself for example. I seldom go to cinemas, but it doesn't mean I no longer see films ; instead, I see films at home-watching Ccds.

Okay, well I’m sure you have a number of questions to ask me regarding the position.
Yes, well Miss Childs did give mean overview of the position over the phone, but there were some details I’d like to clarify.
Well feel free to ask me anything, and I’ll try to fill in the details. Could I first ask about the remuneration package?
Yes, of course. That’s quite an important point, isn’t it? As a junior sub editor we offer a starting salary of 150,000 HK dollars per annum. This doesn’t include a generous housing allowance also.
I understand. And are there other bonuses included?
Well, apart from full health insurance we do offer a company staff bonus scheme linked to readership numbers. But we could go through all the details of that at a later date.
Well, Mr. Parsons, I am flexible when it comes to salary. The opportunity to work in Hong Kong for you is the most important thing for me.
Excellent. Well, what other questions do you have Rebecca?

We need to take the accounts system offline to carry out the upgrade. But don't worry, it won't cause too much inconvenience. We're going to do it over the weekend.
How long will the system be down for?
We'll be taking everything offline in about two hours' time. It'll be down for a minimum of twelve hours. If everything goes according to plan, it should be up again by 6 pm on Saturday.
That's fine. We've allowed forty-eight hours to be on the safe side.

Welcome to IBA. Can I help you?
Yes, please. I'm here for an International Settlement. Our company has to effect payment, and it needs to be done today. Here's the advice slip for the payment.
Thanks. I'm sorry to say that you need to get this stamped. There is no stamp on this slip and it is essential before I can process it for you.
I see. So, I need to stamp it. And sign it too?
Yes, that's right. Down here, at the bottom right hand corner to show that you agree to pay the printed amount.
I'll go back to the office and get it sorted and pop back later.
Thanks, bye for now.

That's the warehouse where the large items of office equipment are stored. If I ordered a desk today, how would it be before I got delivery in Scotland?
Well, I think perhaps you'd better speak to our Production Manager, Mr. Yao. You'll meet him when we go over to the factory.

Excuse me. I have just missed the connection plane due to the heavy fog in London. Can I change my ticket now?
Please Show your ticket and passport.
Here you are.
Which flight do you want to change?
The next one to my destination. I have to be there as soon as possible.

Hi, can I speak with the apartment manager, please?
Hello, this is the apartment manager speaking.
I'm calling about the apartment for rent on Main Street.
Would you be interested in seeing the apartment?
I would love to see it.
Are you free today at around 6 p. m.?
Yes, I will be able to make it then.
Well, I'll see you at 6 p. m. Do you know how to get there?
I used to live in that area.
I'll give you an application form when I see you.
That sounds good. Do I need to bring anything?
No. Just bring yourself.

Good afternoon. Welcome to China. May I see your passport, customs and health declaration form?
Yes, here you are.
Thank you. W hat's your occupation, Mr. Smith?
I'm the general manager of the Far-East Industry Corporation. You are here on business, aren't you?
Yes, I have been invited by the East Import
I see. Do you have anything to declare?
Yes, I have some foreign currency to declare.
Would you please fill out this currency declaration form? It's a record of the foreign currency you have brought in.
All right.

How much does it cost for a bus pass?
It'll be $ 65 for a monthly pass.
Is there anything cheaper than that?
If you're in school, you can get a student pass.
Well, I am how much will that cost?
The pass is free.
I don't have to pay for anything?
You'll only have to pay for the monthly sticker.
How much is the monthly sticker?
It's $ 24 for each month.
I'll take the student bus pass.
Okay, I'll get you one.

I see there are some workmen on the site. When is the building work due to start?
Well, it'll take three weeks to demolish the old building and clear away the debris. We should be ready to start the construction work in week 23.
How long will the sub contractors be on site?
About ten weeks in total if everything goes according to plan.
I'm sure it will.
So, we should be able to start moving the machinery in during week 34.
I'll confirm that date with our suppliers.

Andrew's Hair Salon, this is Andrew.
Andrew, this is Linda Chen.
Hi Linda, what can I do for you?
I need to set up an appointment to get my hair fixed.
For what day?
Tuesday morning.

Have you bought a bus pass yet?
I'm not getting one.
Why is that?
It's cheaper if I don't buy one.
Buying a bus pass will save you money. How do you figure that?
There's no limit to how often you can use your bus pass.
Really? Plus, you don't have to use change for the bus anymore.
I like that.
You want to buy one now?
I'm going to.

Are you ready to order, sir?
Yes, I would like a roast duck and my friend wants steaks.
How do you like your steaks?
I'd like it medium-well.
OK, sir, wait a minute.

Hello, I want to know how much it costs to have a manicure and pedicure.
Usually it's 60 dollars for a manicure, and 80 dollars for a pedicure. But with this special discount, the total for both is only one hundred and 20 dollars, and you can get them painted.
That's nice. I'd like to give it a try. I think I like passion red. please.
Alright.Do you want your cuticles cut, too?
No. Would you like the shapes square or round?
Square. But with round at the edges, please.
All right, it's done. Please follow me to the drying section. How long will it take to get them dry?
Ten or about five minutes. You'll be all set.
I see, thank you.

Hello, this is Lucy. May I speak to Mr. Smith?
Oh, hello, Lucy. What's up?
I'm afraid I can't come to work today, Mr. Smith.
Oh, what's wrong with you?
I've got a fever and a very sore throat.
Well, you sound ill over the phone.
Yes. I have to stay in bed today, but I'll be able to come tomorrow.
That's all right. Have a good rest until you feel well enough.
Thank you, Mr. Smith. Goodbye.
Goodbye, Lucy.

Waiter, we have been waiting for 20 minutes. Would you mind hurrying?
I am sorry, sir, the fish you ordered will take a longer time because we make it with fresh fish.
That's fine. Would you please bring me some wine?
Sure, is dry white wine OK?
Yes.
Thank you.

Hi Bob, I won't be in work tomorrow.
Why, what's the problem?
I have a dentist appointment.
Okay.

I've come about your wools. According to our market survey, wools are likely to find a ready market in our country.
Wonderful?! We can meet your requirements and the offer is ready for you. Here it is. The unit price is USD 15.00 per kilogram.
Do you quote CIF or FOB?
It's FOB Shanghai. Could you quote the price of CIF Hamburg?
Certainly, that's easy. We will work out our CIF offer this evening. Could you come again tomorrow, say, at 10 AM?
Okay, see you tomorrow?!

Hi?! Do you want a fill-up?
Yes, please. Which type of gas do you want? Regular, Super, or Premium Unleaded?
What's the price difference?
Regular is $ 1.15, Super is $ 1.25 and Premium is $ 1.39.
Just fill it up with Regular, Unleaded, please. Do you want me to check the tires and the fluids?
Yes, I would. Thanks a lot.

Is your father in the habit of having naps?
Yes, all of us have naps.
Don't you feel dizzy when you have to get up?
No, not at all.

Excuse me. I need some storybooks in easy English. Do you have anything likethat?
Well, there are a lot of storybooks upstairs in our children's section. Some are written for young children, others for teens. Maybe some of them will suit your needs.
I'll go take a look. Thanks for your help.
You're welcome.

Good morning. I need to speak with the property manager, please.
Good morning. You are speaking to the property manager.
While it was raining last night, water started leaking in from the ceiling.
Was it leaking in the bedroom?
It was in the living room.
Can you tell me which floor you are on?
We are on the bottom floor.
I would like to look at the leak. Will you be home this morning?
Yes, someone will be here to let you in.
Just in case you have to leave, we will just use the master key.

How much is your last salary?
I have earned 10,000 a year including bonuses.
How much do you want us to pay you?
I like to be paid more than that. Hopefully, 150,000 a year.
To be honest, I left the company to get more income.

I hope you can help. I've got a bit of a problem with your ATM.
Of course, that's my job. Oh, dear. What's happened?
Well, it's eaten my card?! It won't give it back?!
I see... calm down, don't worry. May I ask what were you doing when it took your card?
Yes. I was only entering my PIN. I'm terrible at remembering it, I'm so forgetful, you see.
Mmmm... and exactly how many times did you enter it, please?
Maybe three times. As I said, I always forget it.
Ah?! Don't worry ; it's just a security measure. If someone uses a card and cannot get the right PIN after three attempts, the bank keeps the card in case it's stolen. Just contact the bank and we'll get it back to you.
Oh, I see. So if I call my branch they can sort everything out for me?
Yes, they'll be happy to help. Believe me, it happens to many people.
I'd better try harder to memorise my PIN in future. Thanks.

Is this the counter to pick up parcels?
Yes, it is. I want to pick up my parcels.
Please show me your parcel order.
OK. Here you are.
Let me check your parcel number. Song Ping's parcel number should be CP 06230221 5 CN.
Here is your parcel.
Thank you.
Not at all.

Hi Brittany. What are you doing with all of your clothes on your bed?
I'm trying to decide what to wear to school the first day.
Oh, A. Mom didn't tell you?
Didn't tell me what?
What? This Bs' school you're going to is going to make your life easy.
What are you talking about brother? Spill it.
Uniforms, sis, no more worrying about appearances?!
You mean I have to wear the same thing every day?
MOM?!

What would you like for your main dish?
Steak, please.
How would you like it?
Medium rare, please.
Anything else, sir? May I have a glass of red wine, please?
Of course.

Mr. Smith, do you like the hotel we booked?
Yes, we do. We like it very much.
I've come to make sure that your stay in Beijing is a pleasant one.
Thank you so much.

David, we have been doing business for three years, haven't we?
Yes, I'm glad we've had very pleasant cooperation in the previous years.
And your achievement for promoting our clothes was great in the three years. So, I wish to apply for the sole agency of your product in our local market. If you give us the agency, that will be more substantial for our cooperation.
To be frank, you are not the only one who applies for an agent for us in your country. I'd like to know some ideas of terms on which you would be willing to operate as our agent.
As we are a well-established company, we are very familiar with the customers' needs. Besides, we can make full use of our good connections with the wholesalers and retailers here and develop a good market for your products if appointed as your agent.
Sounds reasonable. I will tell my boss about you agent application. Another question, what do you think is the minimum annual sales you can guarantee?
To be on the safe side, and for garment of all materials, sizes, and styles, I think the amount will be 50,000 pieces a year.
Well. As our sole agency, you will neither handle the same or similar products of other origins nor re-export our goods to any other area outside your own.
No, certainly not.

Excuse me. I bought this circulator here yesterday but it doesn't work.
Oh, let's see what's wrong.

Where can I find the produce?
Aisle A is where you'll find all the produce.
What sales do they have today?
I'm sure something is on sale. Please check with the produce person.

Hello, this is Steven from Blue Sky Co. May I speak to Mr. James?
Speaking.
Excuse my troubling you. You purchased our products last year and now I am following up to find out about their workings. Are they still in good condition now?
Yeah, exactly?! I bought them last year. En... at present, they are still in good state.
That's it?! All of them have first-class quality and performance. Besides, we adopt advanced technology. Now we have developed new products. They are much better than what you have bought.
Your company is developing so fast. Maybe later on I will plan to buy more.
That's great?! Thanks for your support. If any, please remember to call us.
I am afraid I have to say goodbye now?!
Bye, Mr. James?!
Bye?!

Ms.Dawson, I need you to take a dictation for me.
Yes, sir... This should go out as an intra-office memorandum to all employees by this afternoon.Are you ready?
Yes, sir.Go ahead.
Attention all staff... Effective immediately, all office communications are restricted to email correspondence and official memos.The use of Instant Message programs by employees during working hours is strictly prohibited.
Sir, does this apply to intra-office communications only? Or will it also restrict external communications?
It should apply to all communications, not only in this office between employees, but also any outside communications.
But sir, many employees use Instant Messaging to communicate with their clients.
They will just have to change their communication methods. I don't want any - one using Instant Messaging in this office.It wastes too much time?! Now, please continue with the memo.Where were we?
This applies to internal and external communications.
Yes.Any employee who persists in using Instant Messaging will first receive a warning and be placed on probation.At second offense, the employee will face termination.Any questions regarding this new policy may be directed to department heads. Is that all?
Yes.Please get this memo typed up and distributed to all employees before 4 pm.

Do you have everything?
Let's see... my ID card, my passport, and my suitcase. I'm pretty sure I've got everything.

This is Dunlin. Is this Mrs Smith speaking?
Yes, what can I do for you?
I just want to call and say thank you for letting me interview yesterday.
You are welcome, Mr. Sun.
And I also want to know what the status is of the position.
Sorry, we haven't made the decision at all. But we should be making the decision by the end of this week. And we'll get in touch with you once we make it.
Do you have any questions we didn't cover in the interview?
No. Thank you, I am looking forward to hearing from you. Bye-bye.
Thank you for the calling. Bye-bye.

I often sneeze after having a bad itch inside my nose. Sometimes this is accompanied by an itching throat.
Any other discomfort?
Yes. Sometimes I can notice a constriction in the chest and shortness of breath after a fit of sneezing. And I often suffer from a running nose with a profuse watery discharge.
Does it occur seasonally or all year round?
It has been seasonal during these past three years.
Are you sensitive to other things?
Yes, things like seafood and penicillin-type drugs.
OK. Let me examine your nose. According to your case history and the examination, I believe that it's allergic rhinitis.
What useful treatment can you offer?
I'll give you a series of specific skin tests. Then we'll know exactly what substances you're allergic to. Then I'll give you some causes of desensitization therapy.

Miss, would you like to try this free sample of our new suntan cream?
Sure, why not?
This is a new product of company this year. It's oil-free.
I see. It feels very light on the skin.
It gives your skin a very natural healthy look. I like the cool smell, too.

So how can I make it?
First you make a list of what you wanna buy...
But I’Ve gotta have the budge before anything else.
Well, that’s a problem, isn’t it?

Did you have a part-time job when you were still in school?
No, I was way too busy studying all the time. How about you?
Yeah, I worked about twenty hours a week in a pizza restaurant.
What was that like?
It was always very busy there. What did you do?
I stood behind the register and took pizza orders.
Did you get any perks on the job?
Yeah, I got to eat as much pizza as I could for free.

Okay. I'd like to change some euro into US dollars, please.
Sure. How much would you like to change?
Six hundred euro.
Very good. May I see your passport?
Here you are.
How would you like your bills?
In fifties please.

Why are you reading the classifieds? What do you need?
I'm looking for a bookcase, but I don't want to buy a new one.
Are you having any luck?
Not really. There aren't any used bookcases listed. But there are a few rummage sales on Saturday. I think I'll go to them.
Do you mind if I go with you?
Not at all. These private sales are great places to bargain. And sometimes you can find terrific things among all the junk.
I learned to negotiate from my mother. I thought I was pretty good at bargaining, but I had a problem the other day at Kimble's Department Store.
What happened?
I wanted to buy a beautiful wool sweater for my girlfriend. It was priced at forty dollars, so I started by offering the salesclerk thirty.

Do you do a lot of your shopping online?
Not really. I like looking on the internet at what’s available, but I usually prefer to actually see and touch what I’m buying before I pay for it. Sometimes, I’ll look at something in a shop, but lat No. I’m a little worried about security. You never know who’s trying to find out your codes and passwords. Aren’t you worry about that?
Not really. I know that it happens, but if you buy from reputable companies with secure websites, you should be ok.
Even though I use online shopping facilities, I don’t think it’s the best way to sho
I’m surprised to hear you say that. I thought you loved anything technological.
I do. I’m a big fan of using new technology, but I don’t want to sit in front of a computer screen all day. I think people need to get out and interact with other people. So, how about coming to the department store with me? I want to see if there are any new summer clothes on sale yet.
Sure. I’d love to join you. Can we stop by the computer store? I just want to see if they have something.
Sure. While you’re in the computer store. I will visit the book store opposite. I like to browse through their books and see if they have anything interesting.
Ok. I’Ve finished online. Let’s go.
I’ll just get some money and my credit card.
Thanks for reminding me. I had forgotten to get mine.

Please help yourself at your dishes. I hope you’ll enjoy what you’Ve got.
It suits my taste. You are really a good cook.
Would you like to try my special recipe?
Wow, let me try. It tastes nice.
How did you make it?
It’s as easy as pie. I always follow recipes.

Mr. Dick. Does the recommendation of the university play an important role?
Yes. In fact, the recommendation letter written by the university is an indirect self-recommendation. In the long period of cooperation, the university has established good relationship with the companies or organizations, they trust each other well. If your university recommends you, you can be approved more easily.
But I find that most of the recommendation letters written by universities are the same. So I doubt its authority.
More and more persons have the same discoveries since most universities do that in order to save energy. If your university also does like this, you can look for other methods, because such kinds of recommendations say nothing for you. Could you tell me whether or not I send out my resume with it?
It depends. If it has something special or useful, I suggest you send it out.

Taylor, can you tell me how to apply for a job on the Internet?
Just fill out an application. Do I have to send an E-mail?
You are expected to know the E-mail address of the unit.
But I still don't know which unit is in need of staff. Send out an application through Job-wanted on the website.
Can any unit see my information?
It's a two-way choice. And your application will be read.
Which websites offer this service?
Sina, 21st Century Talent Net, and a few others.
Thank you.

Don’t throw your weight around. I can’t bear you any more.
I dare you to say that again.

Were you a leader when you were in college?
Yes. I was Propaganda department minister of our university.
Did you get any honors or awards at your university?
No. It’s a pity about it. Were you involved in any club activities at your university?
Yes. I was a member of the basketball Society. I like playing basketball.
What extracurricular activities did you usually take part in at your college?
I sometimes played basketball and sometimes played football.

You want to argue your ticket today?
Yes. That is why I'm here.
Tell me your argument.
I was pulled over for allegedly speeding.
Are you sure you weren't speeding?
To be honest, I really wasn't. What speed were you going?
I was under the speed limit. I was going 35, when the speed limit was 40.
I'm just going to let you go, since the arresting officer isn't here.
What about my ticket? Do I still need to pay?
Don't worry about it.
I'm so glad for your help.

Annie, do you like shopping online?
Yes, I like it, because it's convenient. Last week, I tried to buy a new cellphone online, but I didn't know how to pay for it.
First, you should open an account at the online bank. After that, you can buy anything you want online.
Are there many things online?
Sure. You can find everything all over the world. Let's check it out online?!
( They log in a shopping website. ) That's amazing. Oh, an on line virtual supermarket? Let's click to check it out. Oh, I got it. It simulates the real supermarket, which makes it feel so real.
Mom will love it. She loves shopping in supermarkets.

Ah, Bob. Just the person I wanted to see.
So what is it?
You gotta help me out this time, buddy.
Another tough thing, I guess.

Hey?! What happened??! My song was only half way through and it skipped to the next song.
I don't know what happened?! You cancelled the song, didn't you, Jack?
No, I didn't.
Really?! Then, is the machine broken or...

Good evening, Do you have a reservation?
Yes. The reservation under Mr. Watson.
Ah, yes, a table for four at 8 Em, no, thanks. I think we'll go straight to the table, By the way. may I check my overcoat here?
Certainly, sir. We'll keep it in the cloakroom for you. Here is your number. When you leave, show it to the waiter behind the counter, please.
Thank you. Could you show us to our table now? Would you please follow me, please?
Thank you. This is your table. It's Number 10.

Hello, ma’am. Can I help you? I’m looking for a sweater.
What size are you looking for?
Well, I’m looking for size 10 but you don’t have it.
How about this one? I think it looks terrific on you.
Yes, I like the color. Can I try it on?
Sure. The fitting room is on your right.
It fits well. I like it a lot. What do you think?
You look pretty in red.
Oh, it’s my favorite. How much is it?
$ 29.99.
Okay. I’ll take it. Thank you very much for your help.
You’re welcome.

Do you have any cars available?
We have only one mid-size car left.
Great, what's the rate per day?
It's 40 $ plus tax per day on limited mileage.
I'm going to need it for three days. Can I see your driver's license?
Sure, here is my driver's license.
Please sign here.

Are you ready to order? I think that we have a pretty good idea of what we would like to order.
Let me tell you about the specials of the day, which are chicken in a wine sauce with capers, and grilled garlic shrimp.
I was wondering if the chef could leave off the sauce.
The chef would be happy to accommodate your special requests.
I am a vegetarian. Do you have any vegetarian selections?
You could choose the roasted vegetable and garlic pizza or the goat cheese and candied walnut salad.
I think that we will split the roasted vegetable and garlic pizza.
That is a good selection, and I can bring your salads now or serve them with your entree.
You can bring us our salads when you bring us our entree.

I can't open this email attachment our Paris office has sent me. Are you sure you're using the right program?
Well, yes it's definitely the same program but I might have the wrong version. Their system is newer than ours.
That's why you can't open it. You'll have to upgrade before you can read the file.

What kind of character do you think you have?
Generally speaking, l am an open-minded person.
What is your strongest trait?
Cheerfulness and friendliness.
How would your friends or colleagues describe you?
They say Mr. Sun is a friendly, sensitive, caring and determined person.
What personality do you admire?
I admire a person who is honest, flexible and easy-going.
How do you get along with others?
I get on well with others.

Hi, I need to make an appointment to see the doctor.
What seems to be the problem?
I have a rash that I need a doctor to look at.
Do you have a fever with that rash?
No, it just itches a lot.
I have openings on Tuesday or Wednesday. Which would be best for you?
I need an appointment on Tuesday.
Fine, I am putting you down for 9
I would like to see Dr. Jones.
I can schedule you with him with no problem.
We look forward to seeing you.

Wow?! What's the hold up?
It’s probably just people trying to get an early start out of the city for the weekend. Nobody sticks around in the summer.
Really? Then, I guess I won’t have a hard time finding a room or getting a cab?
Actually, you might because there’s a big convention in town this weekend.
I’m not too worried about it. I always seem to find something.

Hello, how can I help you today?
I'd like to withdraw some money from my account.
Please fill out this slip stating how much you wish to withdraw.
Well, actually, it's quite a substantial amount. Here's my Bank Book. Will that cause a problem?
On your account there is no limit to over the counter withdrawals, it won't cause a problem.
Here's your money, 10,000 RIB. Please count it before you leave.
Yes, that seems to be all in order. Thanks very much.

Quality is very important to us. We work to very low tolerance levels. We need to have guaranteed supplies of consistently high quality raw materials. Over the years we've built up very good relationships with our suppliers.
Do you have many different suppliers?
Yes. There are about fifty names on our approved supplier list, but for raw materials we tend to deal with three local companies.

Mary, can you tell me how you keep in shape?
You'll never be in shape until you eat less and take more exercise. Now, tell me what you often eat.
I often eat fish and eggs. Do you eat a lot of vegetables?
Oh yes, and fruits. I love fruits very much.
What do you like to drink?
Well, I never drink alcohol, coffee or tea. Whatever would you like to drink?
I drink a lot of milk. I drink milk almost every day. How often do you exercise?
Well, I walk every day. It's a good diet and a regular exercise.
Yes, quite right.

I am sorry, but I cannot stay for the rest of class today.
Why do you need to leave early?
I don’t feel so good. What doesn’t feel right?
I feel as if I am going to be sick to my stomach.
Perhaps you should get checked out at the Student Health Center before you go home.
I have some medicine at home that I could take.
Are you going to be OK to drive home, or would you like someone to go with you?
Thank you, but my friend is in the library, and he can give me a ride home.
We hope that you are feeling better soon. E-mail me if you have any questions.

Your boyfriend is so considerate to you. When do you plan to marry?
It’s still up in the air. There is something wrong between us.

We're considering of ordering 200 computers, but I'm wondering about the price you'll possibly offer.
Our price will be not less than $ 5000.
Your price is higher than I expected. Could you give us a little discount?
This is already our best price. But the price is always negotiable and you should consider our quantity of order.
Well, what would you suggest? Could you make it $ 4500?
I'm afraid that there is no room to negotiate the price. This is the best price we can quote.
Can we meet each other half way?
What do you mean? Let's close the deal at $ 4800, OK?
You drive a hard bargain?! OK, that's a deal.

I'm now on the Songshan airport getting ready for departure. I realized that I might have left my watch.
Yes, Ma'am. May I have your name and room number?
My name is Terry. I stayed last night in your hotel in room 132. What kind of watch is it?
It's a brand-new Seiko wrist watch.
Yes, we have it.
Oh, I'm glad to hear that. Would you kindly send it to the Hilton Hotel?

What are your thoughts on the apartment?
I think that it’s absolutely gorgeous.
There aren’t any problems with the apartment?
I think that the apartment looks very nice, but I do see some problems.
What problems?
I did notice a few stains in the carpet.
We will have the carpet cleaned before you move in.
You will?
Yes, but other than that, are there any more problems?
That was the only thing that I saw that was wrong with the apartment.
I’m happy that you find this apartment so appealing.
It is. I love it.

That China-gown of Tang-Dynasty style is so beautiful. Would you show it to me, please?
Absolutely. Here it is.
Could I try it on?
Please do, the fitting-room is over there.
It feels a little tight around the waist. Do you have a bigger one?
I'm sorry. We don't have this color in your size. We have some green ones in your size. Would you please have a look at this green one?
OK. How much does it cost?
It's 486 yuan.
Mmm, it is reasonable.

Mrs. Wang, would you give us an idea of the price you regard as workable?
As I said before, your price is so high that we find it difficult to make a bid. We hope you will take the initiative and bridge the gap.
Just to comply, we're ready to reduce the price by 5 percent. I hope this concession of ours will get the ball rolling.
So do we. Certainly it's a step forward on your side. But the gap is still too wide.
The ball is in your court, Mrs.Wang. What price would you suggest?
To make your offer workable, I think you should take another step down as big as the one you've just taken.
That won't do. You see, our profit margin is very narrow. It simply can't stand such a big cut.
I hate to disappoint you, Mr. Brown, but if that's the case, we have no alternative but to cover our requirements elsewhere.
Do think it over, please. We sincerely hope our discussion will come to a successful conclusion.
Well, I'm not authorized to agree to such a big reduction. Would you mind waiting a day or two, until I get a reply from the home office?
Not at all. Shall we meet again, say, on Friday morning?
Good. Friday morning at 9.

Good morning. Good morning.This is Mary.Can I speak to Anne please?
I’m sorry She isn’t in at the moment. She will come back at half past nineCan I take a message for her?
Thank you.But I will call her later
OK.Goodbye.
Goodbye.

Hi, Jane. How are you doing this morning?
I’m all right, thanks. Just a little tired.
Late night?
Yeah, I got home around two.

We've been waiting here for nearly ten minutes now, and there still isn't a bus in sight. I'm afraid we'll be late for the party. Have you got the time, Tom?
Yes, my watch says a quarter to seven. but there is something wrong with my watch?!
But you bought it only last month.
Yes, but ever since I bought it, it gains about five minutes a day, so I' Ve got to have it repaired.
How long will it take us to get there?
I think about ten minutes by bus.
It's not far away, then. Let's walk, it's beginning to rain.
Wait?! I think I see a bus coming now.
Let's hope it's the No. 22 bus.

Hi, Mr. Smith. I'm Doctor Hawkins. Why are you here today?
I found it would be a good idea to get a check-up.
Yes, well, you haven't had one for 5 years. You should have one every year.
I know. I figure as long as there is nothing wrong, why go see the doctor?
Well, the best way to avoid serious illnesses is to find out about them early. So try to come at least once a year for your own good.
Ok. Let me see here. Your eyes and ears look fine. Take a deep breath, please. Do you smoke, Mr. Smith?
Yes.
Smoking is the leading cause of lung cancer and heart disease, you know. You really should quit.
I've tried hundreds of times, but I just can't seem to kick the habit.
Well, we have classes and some medications that might help. I'll give you more information before you leave.
Ok, thanks doctor.

Good afternoon. Mr. Tylor's office?
I'm afraid you've got the wrong extension.
I'm sorry, but could you please transfer this call to Mr. Tylor's office?
Sure, please hold on.
Thank you. Now Mr. Tylor's on the line. Go ahead, please.
You are so kind, you helped me a lot.
You are welcome. Bye?!

Good afternoon, Lexington Software. Angelina Dawson, how can I help?
Hello, this is Quinn from IBA.
Ah, hello Quinn. Oh dear, you are calling to tell me there is a problem, aren't you?
I'm afraid so, yes.
Hmm... well, it was my first attempt?! Is it a very big mistake, or can we just alter it?
Unfortunately it's rather a big mistake.
What do you recommend we do?
I would recommend we scrap this one and you bring in another set as soon as possible.
I trust your judgement. Thank you, Quinn. I'll be back tomorrow with a new set. Bye for now.

Oh?!?!?! I have a horrible toothache.
You should go to the dentist.
I hate dentists.
Well, suffer then. If you have a toothache, you have to go to the dentist. It always hurts.
I hate going.
Stop being such a baby. If it really hurts that much, just let them knock you out.
O. K., O. K., I’ll go.
Good. You'll feel better after you do.

Hi, I would like to purchase a one way ticket to Brussels, please.
Certainly sir, this is our train schedule. We have an express train departing every morning and an overnight train that departs at nine pm.
How long does it take to get there?
About twelve hours. We currently have tickets available only for first class on the express train. If you’d like, you can choose a sleeper on the overnight train which is a bit less expensive.
Yeah, I think that is the best option. Do you serve food on the train? Twelve hours is such a long time?!
Yes, of course. There is a dining car towards the front of the train where they serve meals at all times. We do provide complimentary water and coffee for all of our passengers.
Great?! I’ll take it. Here you are sir. Your train leaves from platform number nine at nine on the dot. Remember to be here at least thirty minutes before your scheduled departure time or else you might miss your train?!
I understand. Thank you very much?! Have a great trip.

I would like to take a trip to the beach this weekend.
A trip to the beach would be fun. How is the weather going to be?
The forecast says that it will be warm on the weekend.
So do you think it'll be perfect weather for the beach?
It sounds like it will be. I really hope it doesn't get cold. That would ruin things, I want to go so badly.
The weather in California is unpredictable, so you never know.
That is true. The weather is constantly changing. It would be nice if the weather would never change.
That would be great, then we could plan things sooner. True.
Predictable weather would make life easier.

Some companies use to ban dating among employees, but now they have realized it is something in avertable. People spend so much time at work. It is not surprising for one to have a crash on the other. If we think positively, office love can be beneficial to company.
Beneficial? I don’t think so. If two employees get married, they will leave at the same time for a honeymoon, or later one of them will stay at home taking care of babies. If they break up, the company will probably have to relocate one of them to make the workplace more comfortable. By any means, the company must spare extra efforts to solve problems brought by an office dating.
But if two employees are in love, they will be happy. Happy people are more productive. If they develop an intimate relation with each other, they are willing to share knowledge and experience. It can help to improve work efficiency.
I doubt that.

Do you eat a lot of healthy food?
Compared with healthy food, unhealthy food just tastes so much better. And anyway, I believe if you live a low stress Life and are active, you can get away with eating whatever you like. It's all in the mind.
You have the point. I think cancer is caused by more worry than by the things we consume. Some good things you should try are cranberry juice, wild rice and yoghurt.
What's special about these things?
Cranberry juice is very good for destroying harmful bacteria in your guts because it's very acidic. Wild rice is high in fibre so it's good for your guts and it's high in protein and minerals-I think it's also tastier than normal rice. Yoghurt's good because it's also rich in protein, vitamins and is also acidic. People have been making yoghurt for thousands of years and if you have it every day, your guts will be much more settled.
Thanks. I'm going to follow your advice and pop down to the supermarket right now.

I've been so tired recently. I've been trying, but I don't think I'm up to this job.
You need to take a break, maybe a vacation. Oh, yes, indeed. I've run out of steam.
To be honest, I want to be in a different environment.
Is that so?
Yes, I don't want to be stuck in a rut. I want to move on.
Have you decided?
Yes. I want to get a better job.
Could you tell me why you want to quit?
I quit just because of the dissatisfying salary and the trouble in getting along with my colleagues.
Oh, that's terrible. Do you want to get a higher salary in our company?
I'm afraid not. I've promised my girlfriend. We'll travel southwards to find a job that offers higher pay.
OK, I'd like to say that I've really enjoyed working with you. However, I think you should work harder for your new job and then you can ask for higher pay.
Thank you so much for your advice. And every best wish for your new job.
Thank you.

The train is leaving. Hurry up?! Which car are we in?
Let me see. Oh, No. 11. Here we are, Car 11. Let's get in.
Seats No. 20 and 21. It’s nice that we’Ve got a window seat.
Let's put our suitcases on the rack.
Oh, the baggage rack is full. Put them under the seat for the time being.
All right.

So, how should we get to the theatre? Let's take the bus.
I hate the bus system in London?! The bus drivers are rude, the buses are never on time, and there are few people around who can help you.
It's not that bad. You probably just had a bad experience once.
It wasn't just once. Every single time I take the bus, something bad happens to me or to someone else on the bus.
We could take the subway, but we'd have to go three stops along one line and then change trains twice. Train fares are twice as expensive as the bus fare, too.
If we don't hurry up, we'll miss the show. Should we take the bus?
We're already late, so I think we had better take a taxi.
I don't think we'll be able to find a taxi very easily during hush hours. Let's just take the bus.
Fine. Have a look at the timetable to find out when the next one arrives.
It looks like it should be here in just a few minutes. don't worry. Nothing bad will happen. I'll even buy your ticket for you.
Thanks, that was nice of you.
See, now something good has happened to you on a bus trip?!

Let's go over this plan again. From Vancouver, we bike along the border all the way to Winnipeg. And that is mostly flat, right?
Relatively, once we're out of Alberta, anyway. Then it's hills again in Aitoba.
And from Winnipeg we go around the lakes through Toronto, right?
That's right. And up in to Quebec. And that's where we stop.
It doesn't sound like that much when we go over the plan but that's a long, long ride. Are you ready for the cross country of a lifetime?

Good morning, sir. What can I do for you?
I'm Bill. I'm in Room 908. Can you change the room for me? It's too noisy. My wife was woken up several times by the noise the baggage elevator made. She said it was too much for her.
I'm awfully sorry, sir. I do apologize. Room 908 is at the end of the corridor. It's possible that the noise is heard early in the morning when all is quiet.
Anyhow, I'd like to change our room.
No problem, sir. We'll manage it, but we don't have any spare room today. Could you wait till tomorrow? The American People-to-people Education Delegation will be leaving tomorrow morning. There'll be some rooms for you to choose from.
All right. I hope we'll be able to enjoy our stay in a quiet suite tomorrow evening and have a sound sleep.
Be sure. I'll make a note of that. Everything will be taken care of. And if there is anything more you need, please let us know.

It's time for bed.
I'm not ready to go to sleep. I'm not tired.
It's quite late, and you have an early day tomorrow.
I'm not going to be able to fall asleep.
Why don't you try counting sheep?
I've tried that before. It really doesn't work.
That's beside the point, you still need to go to bed.
Why can't I just stay up until I fall asleep?
If I let you do that, then you're just going to be up all night.
I promise I'll go to sleep soon.
No, you're going to sleep now, so good night.
See you in the morning.

I see myself as being honest, diligent, persevering and creative. And I have a strong sense of responsibility.
How about your psychological resilience?
I think I can work well under pressure, if necessary.
How would you deal with those who are not easy to get along with?
I will just be sincere and friendly to others, and I believe they will treat me the same way.
You seem to be a kind-hearted lady.
Thank you. I simply believe the goodness of human nature.
Please tell me your weaknesses if you can.
I should admit that sometimes I care too much about the details. I am always in pursuit of perfection.

Karen? I need to go over a few things with you.
Certainly. Mr. Graham. When would you like to meet?
I was thinking about this afternoon, after the sales meeting.
Fine. At 3:30?

I believe we' Ve met before. My name's David.
Yes, at your company, I think. I'm Frank.
Oh, I remember now.Very nice to meet you again.
Nice meeting you, too.

I made my little brother cry.
Shame on you?!

I need some mascara. Do you have good thickening mascara?
Of course. Here is our thickening mascara. We also have mascara designed to lengthen the eyelashes.
Alright. And I want to consider your eye shadow too. Do you have a color chart can look at?
We have a very wide selection of colors. And our eye shadow is specially designed to moisturize the skin. So it is very gentle on your eyelids. Would you like to sample some?
Oh, sure I will need to clean off my own eye shadow first.
I can help you with that.
Thank you.

Is this the baggage claim area for flight KB256?
Yes, we are on the same plane.
But I am a transfer passenger. I have a connecting flight to Miami.
So you have to bring your baggage to the transfer check-in area.
Yes.It' s quite troublesome. Why not go and find a porter?

Billy, you don’t look too well. Maybe you should take the day off school.
But Mom?! Today we’re playing football?! I love football?!
You’Ve got a fever and playing football isn’t a good idea for a boy with a fever.
What’s that on your arm?
I don’t know. It was there when I woke up this morning.
It’s rash. I’d better take you to see the doctor.
How did you get that bruise on your leg?
I bashed it against the chair in my room.
Does it hurt?
A little, but not much. Here. Put this wet towel on your face to keep your temperature down. I’ll take you to the doctor’s after breakfast.
If I’m better this afternoon, can I go to school?
If you are better, but I doubt you will be.

This is your schedule.
You're going out of your way for us, I believe.
You are our honored guests.

Are there any vacancies still available?
Yes. We need a plumber here.
I am looking for a job that is more advanced than that, such as sales manager or regional manager.
I am sorry. They are not available now.

My name is Mary, and I will be your waitress tonight.
Thank you, Mary. We have been looking forward to trying out this restaurant.
Before your main course, would you like to order an appetizer?
Sure, that sounds great. Where are your appetizers listed?
There is a special appetizer menu right here in the center of the table.
The chicken and cheese quesadilla looks good. Is that pretty good?
You know, that is one of my favorites?!
OK, I'll take one order of that.
You could choose another appetizer for half price to share.
Perfect?! Please add on an order of onion rings.

I am waiting for a fax but just now I found there's something wrong with the fax machine.
What's wrong with the fax machine? Is it urgent?
Yes, very urgent. And there is no other fax machine around. And the office of our boss is closed, so I can not use his machine either. And his secretary is out. Do you have any suggestion?
Either call this extension number 0085 or ask them to send the fax to you as e-mail, you print it out.

I would like to speak to you, if you don’t mind.
What would you like to speak to me about?
I would like to talk to you about this year’s election.
Is that right? I am a volunteer for this year’s campaign.
That’s wonderful. I am impressed at someone so young taking a stand. I know history is about to be made, and I would like to be a part of it.
That’s fantastic. Are you planning on voting?
I’m going to vote. Go to your polling place early on Election Day.
I will.
Good luck with your volunteering.

We hope that there will be no repetition of this kind of trouble in the future.
Yes. I promise it will not happen again.
We look forward to your settlement at an early date.
We will inform you as soon as possible.

Hello, Steven. How do you get along with your job?
Actually, I learn many things from it. I find that I am a quick learner in new things.
Practice makes perfect. By the way, what do you learn from your job?
At first I didn't know anything about the machine. Now I know how to operate it. Besides, the work gives me a sense of fulfillment and achievement.
Yeah, you are a good learner. I must commend you for your good performance.
Thank you. That's a long way to go for my job.
I appreciate your effort very much. The coffee break is over ; it's about time we set to work.
OK, let's go.

Where on earth are we?
Judging by all the traffic, I'd say we're near the outskirts of the city.
What did I do wrong? Did I take a wrong turn?
I'm not sure, but I think you turned right when you should have turned left on the flyover bridge.
Well, now we should turn back a few kilometres. It seems that the traffic sign is much more important than the map.

Hello. Front desk.
Yes. This is Bob Robinson. I’m calling from room number 627.
Hi, Bob. What can I do for you? Is it possible to change to another room?
Could you please tell me why? My room is facing the swimming pool. It’s noisy for me. I have a problem sleeping. And I feel uncomfortable when I take an elevator.
So you need a quiet side room on the lower floor.
You’re right. Okay. Let me check for a room on the first floor.
Thank you.
I’Ve only two rooms on the first floor. How about room 108?
That’s fine. Can I move now?
Sure. I’ll send the bellman to help you.
Oh, thank you kindly.
You’re welcome.

How long will it take for our order to be delivered?
Let's see. You are importing fifty containers of textiles from China. They should be able to place your order before the end of next week. It will take 2 days for shipping to the port city of Ningpo. The freight will take 3 weeks on the open ocean and will arrive in Los Angeles approximately a month from today. Domestic shipping will be your responsibility, you can make arrangements with the pier in Los Angeles.
Fine, we will handle domestic shipping, but what about customs? Will we have to pay tariff on our imports?
I hope we don't run into any problems with the border control.
No, the Chinese company has that all worked out. With the paperwork you receive with the shipment, you should be good to go.

Now you're my boss, Mr. Henry. Do you have any other particular conditions that you would like the company to take into consideration?
No, nothing in particular. You may ask questions about us, if you have any.
All right. When can I start?

What are you doing here today?
I would like to fight my ticket.
Is the arresting officer in the courtroom today?
Yes, the officer is here today. What's your case?
I was pulled over for running a red light, but I never did.
Do you believe that the officer lied?
There was a camera on the signal. So, he was obviously lying.
Your license plate was caught on camera?
A picture of my license plate was never taken.
Since there is no picture of your license plate on record, I'm going to let you go.
Thank you. I'm glad that you believe me.

Hey Joe, what are you doing in this department store?
Hi, Rita, I'm just looking for a pair of shoes. I won't be here for long.
Why not? When I go shoe shopping, I have so many options for sneakers that I spend awhile looking at all of the choices.
That's my problem. I don't have a lot of options. What do you mean?
This is a big store, isn't it?
Yes, but I have unusually big feet. That wouldn't be too much of a problem except that they're also very wide, and only a few brands sell shoes that I can fit into.
So how do you usually go about buying shoes, then?
Well, first of all, I can only go to certain stores that can guarantee me a large selection.
Well, you're in the right store. If they don't have it, no one will.
After that I choose something from one of the few brands that I know will fit me. I prefer white, so I ask them to bring me a pair of white sneakers in my size. Since I’m usually only given one or two pairs of shoes that meet my qualifications, it makes it a very easy choice.

what shall we do after the volleyball match?
how about going to the Olympic souvenir store to have a look? I remember there is one in the gym.
that's a good idea. I was thinking of buying some gifts for my family. me, too.
What did you have in mind?
I haven't decided yet, but I think the Olympic Mascots are a must.
I agree. They're very lovely, especially " Huan Huan ".
is that the red one? That is my favorite, too. Do you know how much they are?
the five dolls are sold together as a set, and they're priced according to the size. The bigger they are the more expensive.
oh, I see. If I buy more than a set, can I get any discount?
I don't think so. All the souvenirs of the Olympic Games are very hot right now.
any other ideas?
there are lots of things, such as postcards, key chains, posters and various arts and crafts.
it all sounds great. We can go there after the match. I can't wait to see what they have.

Mom?! I hate eating vegetables?!
You don’t have to eat them. I don’t mind.
Thanks mom?! Can I have dessert now? I love chocolate cake?!
No dessert for you unless you eat all your vegetables.
But I don’t like them?! It’s not fair?!
You can have some fruit for dessert. If you eat an apple and a banana, I might let you have a small piece of chocolate cake.
Ok... actually, I don’t mind eating peas and carrots, buy I hate broccoli and cauliflower.
I’ll remember that for next time. You’ll get extra peas and carrots, buy no broccoli or cauliflower. OK?
Thanks mom?!

It was very kind of you to give me a tour of the place. It gave me a good idea of your product range.
It’s a pleasure to show our factory to our customers. What’s your general impression, may I ask?
Very impressive, indeed, especially the speed of your NW Model. That’s our latest development. A product with high performance.
We put it on the market just two months ago. The machine gives you an edge over your competitors, I guess.
Certainly. No one can match us as far as speed is concerned.
Could you give me some brochures for that machine? And the price if possible.
Right. Here is our sales catalog and literature.
Thank you. I think we may be able to work together in the future.

Is the factory fully-automated?
Not completely. Our production process is partially-automated. We use robots on the production line for routine assembly jobs but some of the work is still done manually.
What about supply of parts to the production line?
Well, the parts are automatically selected from the store room using a bar-code system. And there is an automatic feeder which takes them to the conveyor belt at the start of the production line.
What about the smaller components?
They're transported to the workstations on automated vehicles - robot trucks - which run on guide rails around the factory.

I'm glad you're on your ten-year reunion planning committee.
Yeah, you get the TV to yourself while I spend my nights surfing the Net for missing classmates. That's not why. This way I can see how you guys do this sort of thing.
I guess. Don't you have reunions in Taiwan?
Definitely. Every year. But just for our forty-person class. Ours are for everyone that graduated in the same year.

What does your job involve?
I'm the Project Manager so I have to make sure our projects run smoothly. I work with three Project Engineers. They take care of after-sales service and look after the maintenance side of the business.

How many languages can you speak?
Besides Chinese, I can speak English and French. You mean you can read and write both of them?
No, I can only carry on a simple conversation in French.
Can you read and write English well?
I can speak the language better than read and write.
Do you speak the language well enough to communicate with people of English-speaking countries?
I think so. I used to be an interpreter. Do you think your English is good enough to do desk work?
The amount of English I know enables me to do general desk work. I believe what I know is sufficient to work in an American firm.

What can I get for you? Here is the menu.
Let me have a look. Well, how many kinds of steaks do you have?
We have sirloin steaks, pepper steak, and filet steak.
Is there something go with the filet steak?
Yes, we have various sauces.
What about the gravy?

Are you ready to go shopping?
Just a minute. I need to make a list of thinks that we need.
Good idea. Have you written down potatoes, carrots, and onions?
I don’t have onions on my list. I’ll add them. We should get some tea. Is green tea ok or should we get the same tea that we usually get?
Let’s get both. We need some coffee too. Is that on your list?
Yes, it is. Here’s my list. Is there anything that I’Ve forgotten?
I think you’Ve got everything. I want to got some chocolate and some cheese.
What kind of cheese do you want.
I’m not sure. I’ll decide at the cheese counter, when I can see what they have.
Have we got enough money?
We don’t have enough cash, so I’ll take my credit card and we can pay with that.
Where are the car keys?
I’Ve got them there. Shall I drive?

Hello, can you tell me how to use the telephone?
If you want to order meals, call 8801.If you need other help, call 8803 and someone will be there.
Thank you so much. By the way, is there a mail service?
Yes, you can take your letters to the counter over there.

I am afraid that the fax machine in my room won’t be working till tomorrow. A technician has just come and checked it. He will bring me a new one tomorrow. It seems there is a big problem with mine and it will take some days for repairing. Can I use the one in your office?
Of course you can. I am sure this one works very well. I just sent dozens of pages. How many pages are you sending? Are you familiar with my fax machine?
Yes, I think you have the same model as I have.
Does your fax machine print out immediately a transmission protocol?
Yes, it will print immediately.

How many years have you done business with China?
Let me see, about five years, we established our business relationship with Hua Mei of China Import & Export Corporation in 2003.
Do you have any difficulties in doing business in China? You know the Chinese economic legislation is still incomplete?
I don't think I have any problem with our Chinese partners. They have always followed the contract strictly. We can do business directly with the corporation. As I mentioned before, the Chinese government is trying very hard to perfect its law. Its commercial legislation provides legal protection for foreign companies.
Well, it's known that the Sino-American relation is in a dilemma. Does it influence your business in China?
Actually not at present. But we are afraid it will. You know policies influence business to some extent.
I hope our government will not be influenced by some extremists. China is really a large market. We don't want to lose it.
Thank you.
You're welcome.

Give me a pack of first-class stamps, please.
Here you are. That will be five dollars. Anything else?
Yes. I want some post cards and some airmail stamps. I want to send some letters to South America.
Just a moment, I'll look up the rate for air-mail letters to South America.
Can you tell me how much it will cost to send a package to Colombia? Also, I what to know how long it will take.
Do you have the package with you? I would have to weigh it to see how much it would cost. Do you insure package?
Yes. All you have to do declare the value of the package and decide how much you want to insure it for.
Is there a way that I can be sure that the people in South america receive my package?
The post office rarely loses package. You can, however, request a rectum receipt.
One last question-what are your hours?
We open at eight-thirty in the morning and close at five-thirty in the afternoon.
Thank you, you helped me a lot.

Hello, thank you for taking the time to interview me.
Hi there, I’m Bill Gotcha, the owner of Gotcha Enterprises. Did you find your way here OK?
Your assistant gave wonderful directions.
Why are you switching jobs at this point in your career?
Our Company is moving overseas and I wish to stay in the United States.
What are you best at?
I am good at organizing systems that have been having problems.
What is your biggest challenge in terms of skills?
I don’t like to sit around and so like to always find things to do to keep myself busy.
That is good to hear?!

Good morning. SRC international. How may I help you?
Good morning. I'd like to speak to Peter. Chen Please.
Certainly. Who should I say is calling?
This is Tim. Hunter from Hunter industries.
And what is it regarding please?
We have an appointment for this afternoon. Mr. Chen will know why I'm calling.
Of course, Please hold the line Mr. Hunter.

Right, let me run through your options. You can go ahead and cash your undue Large-Amount Deposit Certificate if you really want to, but I'd recommend a Personal Durable Commodities Loan.
OK, what does that entail?
It's not too much trouble to do it this way and remember, your certificate is due in 2 months. If you can hold on to it, it'll be much better for your finances.
Yes, it does seem a little silly to cash it now. I'll probably need about 25,000 RIB. Will that be a problem?
Not at all, Mr Zu. As the certificate is due in 2 months, you can get the loan on mortgage of that certificate.
I'm glad you thought of this. I'd have just gone ahead and cashed it?! And I suppose I can use the money from the certificate to pay back this Personal Durable Commodities Loan and I won't lose any interest, right?
Exactly right. If you'd like to go ahead, I can process that for you now, Mr Zu.
Absolutely, Jenny. Thanks very much, I think you've saved me quite a lot of money today.

My aunt told me one of her secrets--cellophane tape. I just got it at the special health store. It's for my flabby arms.
Let me know how it works. I have to say, I have had enough of this roller coaster.
I know what you mean. I'm like a yo-yo. Last week I was down to 60 kilos. This week I had one donut more. Now I'm up to 62 kilos.

May I have a menu, please?
Of course. Could you tell me how this thing is cooked? Lobster?
It is steamed and served with our special sauce.
Is it good?
Sure. It is a most popular dish.
I think I will try some lobster, and give me some green salad together.

Can’t you come in and have tea now, Peter?
Not yet, I must water the garden first.
Do you have to water it now?
I’m afraid I must. Look at it?! It’s terribly dry.
What a nuisance?! Last summer it was very dry, too. Don’t you remember? I had to water it every day.
Well, I’ll have tea by myself.
That was quick?! Have you finished already? Yes, Look out of the window. It’s raining.
That means you needn’t water the garden.
That was a pleasant surprise. It means I can have tea, instead.

I'm broke, and I have to catch another bus.
Why don't you have any money for another bus?
I got hungry and bought some chips.
That was smart.
Anyway, do you have any change I can use for the bus?
I don't have any.
I don't know how I'm going to get home.
Get a transfer from the bus driver.
How much is a transfer?
It doesn't cost anything.
That's great?! Thanks for your help.
You know what? Don't mention it.

Hello, Anna. Come in and sit down.
Hello, doctor.
What's the matter? I've got a backache.
Do you often suffer from backache?
No, I don't. I've never had a bad one before. When did it start?
About four days ago.
Well, go home and rest in bed for two days, then you'll feel better. Can you give me some medicine? It's very painful.
Yes, I'll give you some pills. Take one a time and three times a day, and come back in three days. If you don't feel...

Welcome on board. May I see your boarding pass?
Here you are. Your seat is three, in the third row, near the window.
Thank you. Where can I put my suitcase?
Either in the overhead compartment or underneath the seat.
Everyone's attention, please. We are going to take off. Please fasten your belts.

Hello, madam. How do you like your staying here?
Quite good. Excuse me, are there any places of interest?
Yes, there are so many near our hoteI. Three blocks away from here, there is temple. It's famous for its building and paintings. lt' s worth visiting.
Thank you. I think today we will go there.

You're here to make a deposit, is that correct?
Right. I'd like to deposit 2,000 RIB into my Current Account.
No problem. Could I have the cash and your Bank Book, please?
Oh dear... there seems to be some problems here... What? What's wrong?
I'm sorry but 5 of these notes seem to be counterfeit. Look at this watermark, do you see it?
It does look a little strange, I didn't notice that before.

Hello, sir. Is there anything I can help you find?
Um... Uh... I'm just looking, thanks.
Need a gift for your girlfriend or wife...
No, no, no. I'm just browsing. Thanks anyway.
Well, if you need anything, just ask. Um... well, where's the men's shoe department?
It's on the third floor. Turn left when you get off the escalator.
Thanks.

An idea about killing time on a train?
I advise you to read Playboy.You can get a lot from it.
But there's quite a lot of rumors about it.
That's why it's interesting.

Have you brought the receipt with you?
No, I don't. I left it home.
Sorry, but we can't do anything without the receipt. Come back with it.
I didn't know. I'll go to get it. How late will you be open?
Till 5:30.

I haven't told you what happened yet, have I?
I haven't heard anything.
My boss offered me a promotion, and I took it.
Are you serious?
Yes, I am really excited.
That's great. Congratulations?!
Thank you.
Actually, I could not believe it at first. You know, there're so many outstanding people in our company. Many of them are qualified to fill that position.
Sure, but you really did great and outperformed the others. You deserved it?!
Thank you very much.

I like Chinese food.
I like Chinese food, too. I like dumplings best. At school, we sometimes have Chinese food for lunch.
That's good. We eat Chinese food only at the Chinese restaurant.
My mother can make some Chinese food.
Really? That's wonderful?!

OK. Come back into the classroom, class.
Does the class start again, Mam?
Yes, but to the heath, this break has last long enough.
Oh, breaktime flies. come on, baby. It’s time now.
Mam, another minute, could I?
Hurry up, little boy.

What's the actual flight time from here to San Francisco?
It's about twelve hours.
Can you tell me what time we're arriving?
Sure. Let me see... at 6:15 a. m. local time.
I see. And that'll be 10:15 p. m. Beijing time.

Excuse me, but I'm not feeling too well. I think I'm going to throw up.
There's an airsickness bag behind the seat that's in front of you.
I must've missed it. Is this your first time flying?
Yes. I'm going to San Francisco.
Oh, it's a beautiful city. I think you'll like it.
Hey, I'm feeling much better already.
Sometimes if you don't think about it, that sick feeling will go away on its own.
Thanks.
By the way, my name is Mary.
I'm Frank. Nice to meet you.

Welcome to Al's Bakery. What can I get you?
Hi?! Let me get a dozen croissants, four blueberry muffins and a loaf of sourdough bread.
Sure. Would you like to have the loaf sliced?
No, that's OK. Do you have any whole wheat bread?
We are out at the moment. May I suggest some rye bread?
Sure that sounds good. Do you have any cakes?
We have various birthday cakes and also ice cream cakes.
I'll just take a cheesecake.
Will that be all?
Yes.
Your total is forty three dollars and twenty cents.
You got it.

Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, we are happy you have all come out for our training workshop. Today we have a great line-up of speakers to talk to you. First on our program is a well-renown expert in the field of international economic development, Harvard's own Dr. James Smith. Dr. Smith has been involved in economic research for over twenty years, and has taught at Harvard since 1995. And now, without further adieu, we'd like to welcome Mr. James Smith.
Thank you, Mr. Jackson, ladies and gentlemen, colleagues, friends. The subject of my talk is international relations in a morgen world. I plan to say a few words about the current situation in the Middle East and how it affects world economy. I'd like to give you an overview of the way that the economies of seemingly unrelated countries are intertwined. I've divided my talk into three parts, first an overview of international relations, second a discussion of current political situations, and lastly trends for the future. My presentation will take about two hours, but there will be a twenty-minute break in the middle. We'll stop for lunch at 12.

You're looking rather pale, why?
I couldn't sleep well recently.
You'd get plenty of sleep for you work so hard.
I always drink too much wine in the evening.
You shan't drink more wine in the evening.
Yes, you are right.
And you'd take some exercise every day.
Many thanks for your advice.

Hello Mrs Parker, how have you been?
Hello Dr Peters. Just fine thank you. Ricky and I are here for his vaccines.
Very well. Let's see, according to his vaccination record, Ricky has received his Polio, Tetanus and Hepatitis B shots. He is 14 months old, so he is due for Hepatitis A, Chickenpox and Measles shots.
What about Rubella and Mumps?
Well, I can only give him these for now, and after a couple of weeks I can administer the rest.
OK, great. Doctor, I think I also may need a Tetanus booster. Last time I got it was maybe fifteen years ago?!
We will check our records and I'll have the nurse administer and the booster as well. Now, please hold Ricky's arm tight, this may sting a little.

I’m interested in teaching at your school.
Great. Are you a qualified teacher?
Yes.
What kind of teaching certificate do you have?
I have a TEFL certificate.
How many years of experience do you have?
I have three years of teaching ESL and four years of teaching per-school children.
When did you get your TEFL certificate?
I got my TEFL certificate three years ago.
Why do you want to teach at our school?
Well, I’Ve heard many good things about it. I also like teaching young children.
That’s great. Can you speak Chinese?
Yes, just a little.
Can you come in for an interview tomorrow at 10:00?
I sure can.
Great. See you then.

Why is the car before us stopping?
What's going on? Look. Two cars are standing right in the middle of the road and the drivers are shouting rude words to each other.
That's why that car stops.
More and more people easily get irritated while driving.
Yes. This is what is called road rage.

This is today’s schedule. At 8 thirty AM, conference with the department managers. At 9 o’clock, live for the workshop where you’ll award prizes to the staff for preventatives.
That’s great. What are the prizes?
3000 RIB as bonus for each person. To encourage the staff increases.
Ok. Next thing is laying the corner-stone for the new plant at 10 AM. At 12 AM, back here for lunch. What about the afternoon? At 2 PM, give a presentation here with the press. At four o’clock sharp, have dinner with Mr. Smith, manager of NCC.

This is Lincoln Bank, Consumer Credit Department. How can I help you?
Ah, hello. I'm calling to find out how I apply for a car loan.
We offer a Personal Automobile Consumer Loan. The application process is pretty straight forward. I trust you have enough funds to cover the 20 % down payment?
Yes, I do. It's ready and waiting in my account.
The next step is for us to recommend a dealer to you, who are already contracted to us, so...
Could I just stop you there? Sorry to interrupt, but I have already been to your appointed dealer and selected the car I want.
That will certainly cut down the processing time. We can move on to the next step. Do you have the purchase price?
Yes, it's 110,000 RIB. So, with the down payment done, I will need to borrow 70,000 RIB.
What we need you to do next is to come into the branch with a correctly filled in application form, ID card, proof of residency, proof of income, the agreement from the agent and of course the 20 % down payment.
Yes, I have everything here.
OK, I'll come in and see you later today. Maybe I could have my new car as early as next week?! How exciting?!

Hi, my name is Tom.
Tom, the new sales representative? Nice to meet you?! I'm Melinda.
Nice to meet you too.Melinda. Now let me show you around. This is our reception area, and our conference room is right over there. Over here is the sales department.
Really? This is a nice office, but it's quite small.
Yeah... You can make photocopies and send faxes over there.
It looks like you guys work hard.
I tell you what just between you and me, we just mess things up so that it looks like we work hard.Just kidding.
Oh, your cubicle is over the. And this way. Those are all private offices the managers offices.
Hmm... Tell me more details about our jobs.
Sure thing.

What do you think of our price? Your price has gone up sharply, hasn't it?
Yes. We regret we cannot maintain our original price. Since the prices of the raw materials have been raised, we have to adjust the price of our products accordingly.
I agree with you there, but your price is unreasonable.
I don't think so. You must compare our price with that of other export houses. I'm sure our offer is in line with the prevailing market price level.
I don't think we'll be able to pay the price.
To have this business concluded, you need to lower your price at least by 3 %.
I’m afraid that there is no room for any reduction in price.
Don't you agree with me that in the long run, moderate prices will bring about large sales and more profit?
We've already cut down our price to cost level.
Is that all?
Yes, this is the best we can do.
I'm sorry we can't handle the price you offered.

So, Jimmy, how does it feel to have your own money?
It’s great, dad. I don’t mind delivering papers, but the real fun is collecting the money.
Even though you are only twelve, it’s not too early to start saving a little money.
I’Ve never had a bank account before. Why don’t I just keep my money under the matters like grandpa does?
You know you would spend it. And also, money in the bank earns interest.
But what if I need my money suddenly?
The bank will give you a PIN, and you can withdraw money from any ATM.
Great?! So it’s almost the same as keeping it under the matters?!
Not quite. You have to maintain a minimum balance of twenty dollars. And sometimes the bank has service charges. But you don’t have to worry about that yet. Let’s go make your first depot OK.
Guess I have to do that before. I can make money my first withdrawal.

Is this where I can catch a bus to the theater?
Yes, but you can't get there with out a change.
Which bus do I have to change?
You have to get off at the hospital and change for bus 15.
I see. Thank you.

Here we are, Joan. This is the Palace museum, also known as the Forbidden city.
Oh, how splendid?! Can you take a picture of me here?
Sure.

Excuse me. I'm afraid I got lost. Where am I on this map?
We are here, bus station, we are in the heart of the city.
Oh?! Can I go from here to the Zhongshan Park?
Head straight up the street about two blocks then turn right.

Tony, could you tell me if there are any special rules about the job?
Working hours are from 8: 30 a. m. to 5:00 p. m. Be sure not to be late or absent. Report to the manager by filling in the' Monthly Report' every month.
Is there anything else? How about my salary?
Our company has a strict and reasonable salary standard. On the 20th day of every month, you can get your salary on time. Benefits depend upon the length of service and the employee's past attendance record.
Wow, thank you for telling me these. Do you mind telling me something else, like attendance record, holiday, and how to ask for leave?
All new members are likely to ask the same questions. Haha.
I can understand that. Every month you have three days off, besides the weekends and some important holidays. After you've been here for a year, you qualify for a one-week vacation. The leave less than a half-day should predict for an hour, and more than a half-day should predict three days.
Okay, that's good. I get it.

Kate, you never believe what's happened.
What do you mean?
Masha and Hero are getting divorced.
You are kidding. What happened?
Well, I don't really know, but I heard that they are having a separation for 2 months, and filed for divorce.
That's really surprising. I always thought they are well matched.
What about the kids? Who get custody?
Masha, it seems quiet and makable, no quarrelling about who get the house and stock and then contesting the divorce with other details worked out.
That's the change from all the back stepping we usually hear about.
Well, I still can't believe it, Masha and Hero, the perfect couple.
When would they divorce be final?
Early in the New Year I guess.

Overseas operator. I would like to make a collect call to Taipei, Taiwan, please.
Your name, please.
Tim Chen.
What's the number, please.
The area code is 2, and the number is 2367-9960.
The line is connected. Please go ahead.

Hello. Excuse me.
Yes. Can I help you? Do you remember me? I just had lunch here a half hour ago.
Of course I remember you.
I think I lost my wallet here.
Oh, no. Really? I didn't see anything.
Really? You didn't find a wallet?
No, I didn't.
Would you like to go look by the table with me?
Yes, I would.
It's not here. And it's not on the floor.Has anyone sat at this table since we left?
No. It's been empty the whole time.
Hmm. I don't know how it could have happened.
I remember, sir, that your friend took the bill.You didn't pay for the lunch yourself, did you?
No. My friend did.
Then are you sure you took your wallet out of your pocket while you were here?
No, I'm not sure. But I usually take out my wallet when I sit down.It' s uncomfortable to sit on it. So I usually put it next to me on the table.
Maybe you lost it before you came here. Or maybe you left it at home.
I don't think it's at home. I think I had it when I left the house.But what should I do?
Well, the first thing you should do is make sure it's not at home.Then, if it isn't, you need to call your credit card companies and cancel your cards. Next, you need to replace whatever you lost, your driver's license, things like that.
Should I call the police?
You can if you want. But the police usually don't do anything about lost wallets.
Hmm. I'll go home and check. Maybe you're right. Maybe it's at home.
I'm sorry we couldn't find it, sir.
Thanks for your help.

Good morning, young lady. You can call me Ma. Do you see anything you like?
Yes. Many things?! I especially love this beautiful quilt.
That quilt was passed down to me from my ma in Holland.
It sounds like a special quilt. Why do you want to sell it?
Well, this home is too big for me now, so I'm moving to an apartment that is much smaller. Therefore, I need to part with a few things.
Oh, I see. Umm, how much do you want for the quilt?
Is fifteen dollars OK?

Have you got change for a thousand?
Let me see.

May I come in, Mr Sun?
I’d rather you didn’t, Miss Yang. I’m very busy now.
Can I try later then?
Yes, of course.
Is it all right for me to come in now, Mr Sun?
Well, uh... I’m still pretty busy, but... all right. Come in.
What can I do for you?
Do you mind if I sit down?
Not at all. Take a seat. Now what can I do for you?
I want to leave the department. Do you think I could put info a transfer?
Yes.
But why should you want to do that?
Do you mind if I speak frankly?
Not at all. Go ahead.
Well. You see, I don’t like the office. I don’t like the staff. And I’m afraid of you. And I don’t want to go one. So may I put info a transfer?
Yes. I’d be delighted if you did.

Where is that? Take me to the airport, please.
Are you in a hurry?
I have to be there before 17 o'clock.
We'll make it except a jam. You know it's rush hour.
There's an extra ten in it for you if you can get me there on time.
I'll do my best.
Here's twenty dollars. Do you have small bills?
No. If you can't break it, keep the change. But can you give me a receipt?
Here is your receipt.
Thank you.

Recently I have been getting headache and my eyes don't seems to see focus properly.
When did you last time have your eyes checked?
Two years ago. At that time I had no problems.Now I can’t even make out something ten meters away.
Come over here. I will test your eyes. First cover your left eye like this, and when I point, please read the chart from the top, and go as far as you can, telling me which way the “ E ” points.
All right. Good.Now the other eye. Well, this one is worse.
Never mind, just read as far as you can.
I can only read the first three lines.

Is there a car park near the supermarket?
Yes, there is an underground car park near the supermarket.
I see. Thanks.

Oh, come on, Ultraman?! What's up, Bro? What's in the bulletin?
It says that there will be a blackout from 5 p. m. to 7 p. m. in our neighborhood today.
Blackout? Even the TV has the limit. Don't you know you will look like a monster in the blackout?
Oops, no, Daddy can't watch American Idol, either?! That's not the point.
Come on, can you imagine that there will be no electricity on such a hot day? Oh, my god?! No air-conditioner?!
OK, since you are the smart one, can you come up with a better plan? So that we won't be baked like cookies here.
How about playing Barbie out there in the neighborhood?
Barbie? You know, I might be seven, but I'm not a girl.
Do you have a better plan?
All right, all right.

Yes, ma'am, how could I help you?
I am wondering if you do facial care?
Yes, we do.
How much would it be?
From 200 to 800.
I'm afraid 800 is too expensive for me. Could you recommend something around 300?
No problem.

Can I help you, Miss?
I would like to order 2 office-style cabinets and desk calendars. We want office-style cabinets in white. The catalogue number is 90-f-2356.
How soon do you want it?
Could you deliver it tomorrow?
No problem. Please handle the items carefully.
Certainly.
We will pay by collect on delivery.

I hate to do this to you, Alice, but I’m going to have to ask you to put in some more overtime.
Does it have to be this afternoon, Mr. Fairbanks? I’Ve already made plans.
Well, I would have preferred to do it today, but if you’Ve already made plans, we can do it tomorrow.
I’d appreciate that, sir. How long do you think you’ll need me to stay?

What’s your attitude when do wrong things at work?
The buck stops here.

Hello?! Is your company advertising for administrative assistant on the newspapers?
Well, Administrative assistant with shorthand and typing skills are badly needed here.
First I want to check about the availability and see if you could give me more information.
The position calls for a person with some working experience. We must be able to benefit from your analytical and interpersonal skills. Can you deliver your resume to us first?
Of course. I will deliver my resume to you in minutes' time. I hope you will consider my application and I shall appreciate a reply at your earliest convenience.
OK. I will call you soon. Bye now.
Bye.

Just as the saying goes, every potter praises his own pot. You should pay special attention to selling yourself properly in the interview. It is especially important for the graduates who step into the job market for the first time. You'd better prepare what you are going to say in advance, in order to have a good performance in the interview. The contents should be mainly descriptions of your background. And the length depends on the particular situation. Only when you are aware of what the interviewer will be interested in, can you make a targeted preparation. To sell yourself successfully, you should leave the interviewer a deep impression. Selling yourself should go straight to the point, and the statement should be clear and brief. It should also be truthful and realistic. Do not blindly blow your own horn. You should particularly state your strong points which are closely related to the position you are applying for. While you should not omit your weak points, they need to be described appropriately Time permitted, you could add certain examples to your description. Besides, in the interview, it is best that you make corresponding adjustments to apply your prepared contents flexibly.

Hello?
Hi, Deborah?! This is John. I'm calling from Australia.
What are you doing in Australia?
I'm attending a conference in Sydney this week. Remember?
Oh, right. What time is it there?
It's 10:00 P. M. And it's four o'clock in Los Angeles, right?
Yes - four o'clock in the morning.
4:00 A. M.? I'm really sorry.
That's OK. I'm awake now.

John hasn't turned up and Stefan is ill. Do we have anyone on stand-by?
I'm afraid not, we're very short-staffed at the moment.
Can you ask the shift supervisor to ask one of his team to do some overtime?
Perhaps Tommy can stand in for an hour or two until we find a replacement.

Jack, let’s go?! Oh, you are out of breath?! What happened?
Some people are wildly shooting on the next street. We must leave here as soon as possible?!
Take it easy. They will get caught.

Hello. May I speak to Jerry, please?
Sorry, but he is out for lunch right now.
I see. Can you give me some idea how long he'll be back?
I think he will be back around 2:00. If you like, please leave your name and phone number, I'll have him call you as soon as he comes back.
That's nice. My name is Steven, my phone number is 6789777.
Okay, I'll be waiting for his call. Thank you and bye?!
My pleasure, bye?!

Excuse me, Miss. What can I do for you?
I've just heard an announcement that my flight has been delayed.
What's your flight number?
Flight CA216 to Chengdu.
Yes, it's true. It has been delayed.
Could you please tell me why?
Yes, of course. The delay is due to heavy rain.
How long will the delay be? Do you have any further information about it?
I am sorry, we don't know the extent of the delay at present. But according to the latest weather forecast, there will be a change in weather soon. We have to wait.
Well, is it possible for the rain to stop before noon?
It's hard to say. Weather is so changeable in the summer. Please listen to the latest announcement about your flight.
Yes, I will. Thanks a lot. Bye?!
Bye

What are we going to do? I can't get the car out of this ditch. I'm stuck?!
I'm worried, Tom. I haven't seen any other cars for almost an hour.
I know. This is terrible. What can we do? This snow doesn't stop falling?!
I told you we should have stayed in town today.The weather report said 100 percent chance of snow.Why did you want to come up here?
I wanted to show you the cabin. We only had another half-hour to go.
Well, now we're stuck. What can we do?
I don't know. I've heard that when this happens, it's important to save energy.
What do you mean? We're stranded here, Tom. We may be here a long time.We need to conserve the gas in the car. The car's energy is what will keep us warm.
I have plenty of gas.
Yes, but the gas and the battery both have to stay working.We can't just let the car run and run.If we do, it will die soon. Then we'll freeze.
So what can we do?
Turn the lights off.Then, run the car and the heater only about fifteen minutes every hour.That will conserve the heat as long as possible.
Alright. That's a good idea. I wish we hadn't come up here. Now we'll probably be here for days.
Days?
Yes, it happens.That is what happens in big snowstorms. People get stranded for days.
Oh, my God?! It's good we have food. Probably we'll survive.But turn the car off for about forty-five minutes. Then we'll turn it on again.

Hey, buddy, can’t you see there’s a line?
Oh, sorry. I didn’t know.
What? You haven’t taken the bus before?
No, I’m afraid not.
Well, you have to wait in line like everyone else. Besides, you should let old people on first.
Sorry.
It’s all right. Where are you going?
I wanted to see the White House.
Oh, well you don’t want this bus, anyway. It goes to Georgetown.
Oh, no. It’s all right, though. Just get off at the next stop and catch the 79A.
Oh, well thank you very much.
You’re welcome.

Can I help you?
I'd like the double cheese burger meal, please.
What kind of drink would you like with that?
Just coke will be fine.
Would you like a super size meal? Only 2 RIB more, you'll get large coke and fries instead of medium. And today we are offering free toys all the meal boxes.
That sounds good, thanks, I'd like that. Actually I'd like sprite instead of coke, thanks.
That's not a problem, Miss. Will that be it?
Yes, that's all. That will be 25RMB, please
You got it.

Do you have any night tours?
Yes, we will depart in 10 minutes.
Is that a guided tour?
Yes, it is.
That's fine. Let's get on the bus.

I am sure we will make it up as soon as possible.
That's nice. We hope this matter will not affect our good relations in our future dealings.
Of course not. We have cooperated for a long time.

I would like to purchase some meat.
What kind of meat would you like to get today?
First off, I'm going to need a pound of ground beef.
A pound of ground beef is $ 2.48.
That's perfect. What else will you be needing?
I'm also going to need three pounds of chicken breasts.
The chicken breasts cost $ 4.05 per pound. What's the total price for the chicken?
It's going to be $ 12.15.
Okay, I think that will be all for me today.

I think you know already that I want to discuss the represent - ton for your alarm clocks.
Yes, Mr. Bergeron. You mentioned that in your letter.
To tell you the truth, your proposal surprised us.
Is that so?
Anyhow I want to go over the details with you in person, so you can give my suggestion thorough consideration.
Our firm specializes in this line of business. We have six sales representatives, who are on the road all the time, covering the whole of the European market.
Do you sell direct to shops?
Yes, we specialize in handling clocks and watches of all sorts. We have well established channels of distribution and we canvass the retailers direct, without any middlemen.
Do you keep a stock of these things?
In some cases, such as the wristwatches, which always have a steady market, we keep a stock in London and act as distributors as well as agents. Generally, however, we pass on the orders of our clients to the manufacturers for supply. We are paid for our service, of course.
That is, your commission.
Yes, our commission is very reasonable. We usually get a 10 % commission of the amount on every deal. Our agents in other areas usually get a 3-5 % commission. The European market is not familiar with your products. You have competitors from Japan and other continental countries. At the beginning of our campaign, there is sales resistance to overcome, we must send out salesmen to do a lot of traveling and spend a considerable amount of money on advertising in news - papers and TV programs. A 10 % commission will not leave us much.
According to your estimate, what is the maximum annual turn - over you can fulfill, in round figures, of course?
We will always do our utmost to enlarge the business, as our remuneration increases with the turnover, but we will not guar - ante anything, at least not to begin with.
We appreciate very much your intention to push the sale of our products. But our suggestion to you, Mr. Bergeron, as a preliminary step, is to do a little research into the market...
Do you mean to say you refuse us the agency?
Mr. Bergeron, you leave us no alternative. We can not give you an exclusive agency of the whole European market without having the slightest idea of your possible annual marketing turnover. Besides our price is worked out according to the costing. A 10 % commission means an increase in our price. We must have the reaction of the buyers in this respect.
Oh, that's just too bad. I intended to make great efforts in selling your products.
Well, we can still carry on our business relationship without the agreement. To start the ball rolling, we will provide you with price lists, catalogues and some samples. Only when you have a thorough knowledge of the marketing possibilities of our products, can we then discuss further details.
Ah, Mrs. Miller, but in this case am I covered?
Oh, yes. We will give you a 5 % commission on every transaction.
All right, but I'll be back again for the Autumn Fair. And then I hope we can see eye to eye about our commission and the terms of the agency.
Very good. We will discuss the matter again at the next Fair.

Excuse me, I’m sorry to trouble you. My name is Susan Ransom, and I have placed several orders with you company.
Yes, Mr. Ransom? This is Karl Miller. How may I help you?
Well, I wonder if you could track an order I placed with you last month. It hasn’t arrived yet.
Certainly, Ms. Ransom. Do you have an order number?

Have you worked out the offers. Mr. Thou?
Yes, we have. Here's our CIF quotation sheet. Please have a careful look.
Are the prices on the list firm offers?
Yes. All the quotations on the list are subject to our final confirmation.
I wonder whether there are any changes in your prices.
All these products are our best-selling lines. The prices of our products will change according to that of the international market demand. And we are always open to negotiate, especially on larger orders.
What do you have in mind?
How long does your offer remain valid?
I need some time to get my supervisors on board with this plan.
I understand. Our offer remains open for 4 days.

Hello sir, may I help you?
Yeah, I accidentally dropped my phone in the toilet.
I see. Well, you have come to the right place. We have over one hundred models of more than twenty leading mobile phone manufacturers.
Sounds good. I don’t want it to be too expensive, maybe something mid-range.
We have this new ETC smart phone.It comes with the Android OS so you can download applications. It also has a built-in camera, mp3 player and touch screen. It works on the 3G network so you have fast access to the internet wherever you are.
What about Wi-fi?
Of course?! You can access the internet from any hotspot as well as from home.
One last thing. Is it waterproof?

We have been over this a hundred times?! We are not getting a pet?!
Why not? Come on?! Just a cute little puppy or a kitty?!
Who is going to look after a dog or a cat?
I will?! I’ll feed it, bathe it and walk it every day?! We can get a Labrador or a German Shepard?!
What if we want to take a vacation? Who will we leave it with? Plus, our apartment is too small for that breed of dog.
Ok. How about we get a cat or a ferret?
We’re planning on having children soon, I don’t think those animals are a good idea with a baby in the house.
Fine?! Let’s get a bird then?! We can keep it in its cage and teach it to talk?! A parrot would be awesome?!
I’ll tell you what, I can get you some hamsters and we’ll take it from there.
Yay?!

Good evening, Mr. Lee and thank you for choosing our airline. We have just discovered that this flight is overbooked. Would you like to volunteer to give up your seat?
Overbooked? Give up my seat? I don’t understand.
From time to time we have a situation in which there are more passengers than there are seats on the aircraft. That’s overbooked.
I know what overbooked is, I just don’t understand how that could happen?
Actually it’s a common practice to overbook, as passengers often don’t take their flight as scheduled. Most of the time there is no problem but today, more passengers arrived than we have seats,
So who has to stay behind?
Well, first we ask for volunteers. If someone like yourself volunteers, they receive a free round trip ticket to be used within one year. If no one volunteers we just have to select someone.
Ok. I’ll volunteer. I could use a free ticket?!

I want to rent this apartment.
I’m glad to hear that. How much are you asking?
You will have to pay $ 1050 every month.
I can’t afford that. What can you afford?
I was thinking $ 800 a month.
I’ll need you to pay more than that. How much more?
How does $ 900 every month sound to you?
I can live with that. We have a deal then.

Good morning, Miss Monica. Nice to meet you again?!
Good morning, Mr. Thomas, it is nice to see you too. After the internal discussion, we have all agreed that you are the most suitable person for this position among all the candidates. So, today let’s talk about your expected salary and social benefits. What is your expected salary?
I’Ve worked in the field for more than 4 years. Depend on my work qualifications and experience, I would like to have 5000 Yuan to start.
The basic salary for your position in our company would be 4800 Yuan to start with increases giving according to your performance.
It is a bit lower than I expected. But I can accept that.
What are the working hours?
40 hours a week, Monday to Friday, 9 AM to 5 PM with one hour lunch break every day..
Do I have to work on weekend? If so, how do you pay for the overtime?
We do expect overtime work when it is necessary, but we pay twice of the work hour for working on weekends and three times for working on national holidays like Spring Festival and the Mid-Autumn Day.
Is there probation?
No probation is involved. If you feel good, you can start next week.

Welcome to the McDonald's. What will it be for you, madam?
One Big Mac and French Fries.
Is there anything else?
Give me one coke, please.
Is this to go or to eat here?
To go, please.
That comes to four dollars and ten cents.
And can I have some ketchup, please?
It's on the service counter over there. Please go to help yourself.

What's the name of this street?
University Street.
Do you know of any banks near here?
You'll see one at the corner on your right.

Hey there, you look a little lost. Are you new here?
Yeah how’d you know?
You can always spot the newbies. I can give you a few pointers if you want. Were you trying to use this machine here?
Yeah?! I just started my training today and I’m not really sure where to begin.
It’s ok, I know how it is. This machine here will work out your upper body, mainly your triceps and biceps. Are you looking to develop strength or muscle tone and definition?
Well, I don’t want to be ripped like you?! I just want a good physique with weights and Carpio.
In that case you want to work with less weight. You can start off by working ten to fifteen reps in four sets. Five kilo weights should be enough. Now it’s very important that you stretch before pumping iron or you might pull a muscle.
Got it?!
Wow is that the weight you are lifting? My goodness that’s a lot of weight?!
It’s not that much. Just watch... I’m ok...

Excuse me.Could you tell me how to return to the Hilton Hotel? I am afraid I lost my way.
Do you have a hotel card or something? Let's see.Yes, I have the address and telephone number here.
Oh, you're staying at the downtown Hilton.Then, you go down two blocks this way and turn left.You' ll find it on the right.
Well, I don't understand it very well.Will you draw me a map?

Excuse me, but could you tell me the way to the railway station?
The railway station? Just go down this street and turn left at the second corner. The station is at the end of that street.
How long will it take me to get there?
It's about a ten-minute walk.
That's very clear. I think I can find my way now. Thank you.
Not at all.

How does the political system work in your country?
We have hundreds of constituencies and the voters in each one elect a member of parliament. Most people call them mp’s.
Each mp belongs to a political party, right?
Almost all of them do. A few are independent. That means that they do not belong to a party.
If one party more than half of the mp’s. they form a government. That means that they choose a prime Finist
What’s a cabinet?
This is a small group of people-perhaps 25 mp’s who are usually ministers. They make all the big decision and discuss laws and policy.
Can any mp make a law?
Any mp can present a law to parliament. The proposed law is debated and voted on. If it is accepted, it becomes law.
I suppose a proposed a law needs the support of the big political parties.
Yes, it does, because they have most of the mp’s. most mp’s vote the way their party wants them to.
How do people choose which party or candidate to vote for?
They produce manifesto. These documents which states their policies. Some people just vote for the same party every time there is an election. Voters who often change the party they vote for are Calle

How was your interview?
Pretty good. The HR manager asked me the usual questions. Then he wondered why I had decided to leave my previous job.
What did you say?
I told him that I hadn’t got a raise for three years. I also told him that one of my best co-workers quitted her job because she had not been promoted for eight years.
Did he want to know the reasons?
Yes. I told him that my boss made some excuses of the recession. But I thought he had a pattern and a record of promoting men only. That’s sex discrimination.
When will you get the reply?
In a couple of days, I was told.
Wish you good luck?!
Thank you.

What qualities do you think a senior executive should possess?
Generally speaking, he needs creativity, the ability to communicate, sense of personal responsibilities, the ability to solve problems and so on.
Do you have all these qualities?
Yes, I have all of them. I am totally competent to be a senior executive.

Hi. I need more amenities, please.
Could you be a little more specific, sir?
Well, to be more specific, the free stuff, like soap, lotion, and shampoo.
I understand. Now, you're saying that you've already used up all your amenities?
Oh, no?! I've got all I need for my stay here.
So, what's the problem?
I need souvenirs?!
You want some souvenirs?!
Yes, yes. Souvenirs.
But, sir, our souvenir shop carries all those items.
That's not the same thing. If you buy hotel souvenirs, they have no sentimental value.
I understand, sir. I'll call housekeeping. You'll have your souvenirs shortly.

Hello, may I help you?
Yes.We' re interested in seeing the rooms for rent.
Oh, how nice.They' re bright rooms and the house is very quiet.
A nice quiet house is exactly what we're looking for.
Well, gentleman.Each room is $ 40 a week if you think that's OK.
That sounds just wonderful to us. When do you want to move in?
How about this afternoon?
Fine. I'll be expecting you around two.

Are you ready to order? May I suggest a veal?
No, I'll have the fish please.
The chicken is also nice.
No, I want the fish.
Our special tonight is lobster.
Thank you, but I prefer the fish.
Perhaps you'd enjoy the lamb.
No, I like the fish.
What ever you say?

Am I ever hungry? When will supper be ready?
It's almost ready. Can you set the table?
All right. Want to taste this dish?
Yeah. Oh, it's delicious?! Really?
Definitely. It's a wonderful meal.
Thank you, Honey. If you like to help me do the dishes, I'll be more dreadful.
I wish I could, but I won't.

Good morning, Kate. Long time no see.
Good morning, Vera, Nice to meet you.
Kate, I know you’Ve been a stewardess for more than one year. And I’ll have an interview on stewardess tomorrow. Can you tell me some etiquette about the interview?
Of course. First you should do up your long hair and do make up but not too thick.
Is there anything else I should pay attention to?
Yes, when you attend the interview, you should pay attention to your manner, style of conversation and expression. You should keep smiling always, being polite when you talk with the interviewer. Don't move from time to time when you sit there. And you also should know how to use eye contact.
Thank you, I've learned so much from you.
That’s all right. Hope you can do better tomorrow.

Can you fix me a cup of tea, Johnny?
Well... uh... how about a glass of juice instead?
No. I'd like tea. Can you put it in my favorite cup? You probably washed it...
Oh, yeah. Well, uh, about your mug... I'll find it...
Where are all the floral pattern plates? And dad's Yankee's mug?

Good morning, sir. May I help you?
Yes, I'd like to settle my bill.
Certainly sir. May I have your room key, please?
Sure. Here you are.
Just a moment, please. I'll draw up your bill for you... Thank you for waiting, sir. Your bill totals two thousand six hundred and fifty-eight yuan, including the phone and laundry.
That much?! Would you mind letting me have a look at it?
Not at all, sir. Here you are.
Thanks. Well, It seems to be right. How much is that in dollars, please?
Just a moment, sir. I'll calculate that for you. It comes to 305 dollars and 52 cents at today's exchange rate.
I see. OK. How would you like to make the payment?
In cash, please.
Here you are.
Thank you, sir... Here is your change. Could you check it, please? Thank you for choosing our hotel. I hope you enjoyed your stay.
By the way, please forward my mail to this address.
Certainly, sir. We hope you have a good trip.

Hi, Sam. I want to buy a pet. Do you have any ideas?
You really should go to Rachel's pet store.
why? anything special there?
it's more than special. You can find as many kinds of animals as you can put a name to and more.
Oh, really? are there any snakes?
snakes? there are even rodents and monkeys?! it's a world of exotic pets.
that's terrific. I can't wait to check it out.
Hang on. are you sure you want to keep a non-traditional pet?
why not? it's so cool.
but it will pose a risk to your health.
pardon?
i mean, most reptiles carry some harmful bacteria. they are likely to cause immune system problems.
well, I didn't realize that. I don't believe it's a good choice to keep those pets, especially for families with young children.
oh, I should have thought of my brother's baby girl. Maybe I'll just have a dog instead of an exotic pet.
yes, good luck, Maria.

I’m a new student. My name’s Robert. Nice to meet you.
My name’s Sophie. Are you French?
Yes, I’m. Are you French, too?
No, I’m not. What nationality are you?
I’m Italian. Are you a teacher?
No, I’m not. What’s your job?
I’m a keyboard operator. What’s your job?
I’m an engineer.

I can’t believe Obama is our President.
I am proud to know that he is our President.
You voted for him, right?
Did you vote for him, because I know that I did.
I did, too. I have nothing but faith in Obama.
Really? I’m sure he will help better America.
We do need some change in this country.
Our country is already changing as it is.
You’re absolutely right. I trust that he will take good care of our country.

Do you have a reservation, sir?
No, I’m afraid we don’t.
I’m sorry the restaurant is full now. You have to wait for about half an hour. Would you like to have a drink at the lounge until there’s a table available.
No, thanks, I’ll come back later. May I reserve a table for two?
Yes, of course. May I have your name, sir?
Bruce
By the way, can we have a table by the window?
we’ll try to arrange it, but I can’t guarantee sir.
That’s fine.
your table's ready, sir? Please step this way.

Do you have coffee shops in China, too?
Yes, of course. There are many tea houses and bars in China, too. People can drink, eat and relax at these places.
You like to go to these places, don’t you?
Yes, sometimes the music there is so beautiful. It is very romantic. I can stay there for hours.
Do you often go there alone?
No, I often go there with my friends.

Hi there?! I am looking for a new car. I have this old Ford Pinto that I would like to trade in.
I see. You are in luck this month because all of our models are on sale?! it is a perfect time to buy a new car since it’s the end of the year.
Perfect?!
I like this one.
That is the Ford Focus. A very light but powerful vehicle. It comes with dual side airbags, power steering and power windows, tinted windows and your choice of either automatic or manual transmission.
Sounds like a good car?! How many miles to the gallon?
It is a very fuel efficient vehicle giving you about 34 miles in the city and 40 on the highway.
That is really convenient. Especially now that fuel prices are so high?!
What’s under the hood?
A very powerful 2.5- liter turbocharged engine, Trust me, this car is fast?!
Now for the most difficult question. What is the price tag for this lovely vehicle?
Very affordable mam. You can take it out of this lot today with 0 % down payment and no interest for the first year?! You can test drive it now and we can sign the papers when we get back.
Great?! Let’s do it?!

I wonder if you could help me, I'm looking for a room.
Well, I have got a vacancy.
What sort of price are you asking?
Eight dolls fifty a week excluding laundry.
Would it be convenient to see the room?
Can you call back later? We're right in the middle of lunch.

Could you give me an expense report? I would like to attach the invoices for my phone bill this season.
Here you are. Do you need glue?
That is very kind of you. I’m just running out of glue.
You’re welcome.

IBA, Jane speaking. How can I help you?
Hello. I'd like to speak to someone regarding my card.
Sorry, I'm not quite sure if I understand. In what way, Sir? Has your card been stolen?
No, no. Nothing at all like that. It's just that I applied for a credit card with you a while ago, my application was accepted, but I'm still waiting for my card.
Oh, I see, Sir. Well, it does take 5 working days to issue and post the card.
Yes, my application was accepted last Friday. Now it's Wednesday, that's more than 5 days.
Sorry, Sir, but it's 5 working days. This does not include weekends, so your card should be with you later this week.
Of course?! How silly of me?! Yes, 5 working days would mean this Friday, at the earliest.
I see. I'm sorry to trouble you.
It's no trouble at all, Sir. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nothing, thanks. I again apologise for the misunderstanding, bye for now.

What can I do for you, sir?
We'd like to order breakfast for tomorrow morning.
Yes, sir. What would you like?
Orange juice, scrambled eggs, bacon, toast and coffee.
OK, and when shall I bring it here?
About seven thirty.By the way, could you also bring me tomorrow's papers?
Of course, sir.

What shall we do when we find a shortage in the shipment?
You should do one of the two things - either to lodge a claim with the shipowner or with the insurance company.
Shall we leave it to the brokers?
Yes. They usually do it. Do they charge for that?
Of course. In Europe, they charge a commission of 1 % of the amount of the claim for their service.
Is it the same in America?
They do the work without charge to the importer. It's part of their service, isn't it?
Exactly. Is it enough to claim with an on board bill of lading?
No, you must also obtain a statement from the shipping agent certifying that the goods were actually loaded on their vessel for shipment.
I see. By the way, how do we prove the ownership of our goods?
You must provide full original set of ocean bills of lading original insurance policy or certificate and the original commercia invoice.
I see. Thank you.
You are welcome.

I'll be on business for a couple of days, could you take care of your sister?
OK, Mum, when will you be back?
I'll be back in ten days.

Passport, please, madam.
Just a minute, please. It's in my bag. Here it is.
Thank you. Please fill out the Baggage Declaration Form.
All right. Shall I enter all my belongings?
No, only the articles listed on the Declaration.

I’m hungry, let’s go grab a bite to eat.
Yeah me too.
Oh?! Can we stop at the shop really fast? I lost my makeup bag at the airport and I want to pick up a few things.
Will you take long?
No?! Five minutes I promise?!
Come on?! We have been here for almost an hour?! I thought you said you were only going to get a few things?! How long does it take you to pick out a lipstick and some nail polish?!
Are you crazy? You have no idea what you are talking about?! Just for my eyes I have to get eye-liner, an eyelash curler, eye shadow, an eyebrow pencil and mascara. Then I need to get foundation, liquid foundation.
Whoa whoa whoa?! Are you nuts? How much is all this going to cost? I’m looking at the price at each one of these little things and it’s outrageous?! This is basically a crayon?!
What about you? You spend as much or more money on your razors, after shave, cologne and gel?! Not to mention how much you spend on clothes and...
Fine?! Get the stupid thirty dollar crayon?!

Can I borrow five bucks?
No?!
Come on?! I'll pay you back on Tuesday.
Last time I lent you money, you never paid me back.
I promise if you lend me five dollars today, I will repay you in full next week.
Ok, but I'm taking your skateboard as collateral.
Fine?! I can't believe you don't trust me.
It's nothing personal, just business.

May I help you, sir?
Yes, please. I'm looking for a cotton polo shirt.
Any particular colour?
Not really. How about this one?
I like the design, but don't particularly care for the colour. Do you have that in other colours, too?
Well, they come in white, pale yellow, aqua, red and green. Will a white one do?
Yes. I prefer white - and may I see a pale yellow one, too?
Why, of course. Let's see... White... Pale yellow. Here you are, sir.

I’m so surprised to meet you in this remote village. Long time no see.
Yeah. How are you these days?

You look terrific and in good shape.
Thank you. How do you keep fit?
I do yoga twice a weeks
Yoga? It sounds interesting.
It was hard at the beginning, but now feel it's really relaxing. It makes me flexible.
Anything else?
Yes, I often go swimming. Are you interested in swimming?
Yes, I like it very much.

Are you going home now?
No, I'm not. What are you going to do? Are you going to work late?
No, I'm not. I'm going to look for an apartment.
An apartment? Why?
I'm going to try to find a place near the office.
Where are you living now?
Out in the suburbs. It's a long trip to work every day.
How are you going to find an apartment?
I'm going to buy a newspaper and check the classified ads.
Apartments in the city are expensive.
I know, but I'm going to enroll in a night school to take a course in business management.

no, no, you helped me with my computer last week. I want to repay the favor.
no, it's definitely my turn to treat you... you paid last time?!
oh, that was just a quick bite to eat---that doesn't count?!
ok, ok, how about we just go Dutch?
It's settled.
Listen, I'm still pretty new around here, would it be alright if you found the restaurant?
ok... sure.

I am waiting for a fax but just now I found there’s something wrong with the fax machine.
What’s wrong with the fax machine? Is it urgent?
Yes, very urgent. And there is no other fax machine around. And the office of our boss is closed, so I can not use his machine either. And his secretary is out. Do you have any suggestion?
Either call this extension number 0085 or ask them to send the fax to you as e-mail, you print it out.

Hey, Jim. It's time to wake up and get out of bed.
Do I have to get up now?
You'd better get up, or you'll be late.
What're you talking about? My alarm even hasn't gone off yet.
Yes, it did. It went off thirty minutes ago. You slept right through it. You're like a dead person while you sleep.
I must have slept right through it.
Rise and shine?! Sleepyhead?!
Just let me sleep five more minutes.
The early bird gets the worm.
I know, I know. But I don't want any worms. Ha?! Ha?!
If you don't make an effort now, later on it'll be a lot tougher for you.

What shall we do tonight?
How about the cinema?
That's a good idea. We haven't seen a film for ages. What would you like to see?
Oh I don't know. Titanic?
Titanic? That old film? but I've seen it before?!

I’Ve been told you might have a vacant room.
Yes. I have a spare room.
How much are you asking?
10.00 dollars a night.
Could I see the room, please?
Sure.Come on in.

Sit down, please. What's wrong with you?
I feel cold, and I'm shivering. I have a terrible headache and a sore throat.
How long have you been like that?
About a day.
Let me have a look at your throat first. Please open your mouth and say " ah ".
Ah... And show me your tongue... Thank you. That'll do. You have slight tonsillitis, and your throat is inflamed. How is your appetite?
Not so good. Now, let me take your temperature. Please put this thermometer under your armpit and let me feel your pulse? Your pulse is weak.
Do I have a temperature, doctor?
Yes, you have a high fever. I'd like to give you a blood test.

Yikes?! What was that noise?
I had to blow my nose.
Did you have to blow right next to the phone? Did you hear that?
Of course I heard that. I thought a plane had crashed into your house.
It wasn't that loud.
I will blow my nose sometime for you, and you'll see.
Okay. I'll take your word for it. I thought you had an elephant in your house.
You're funny.
What did you say? I think I've gone deaf.
I'm going into the bathroom to blow my nose. I'll be right back.

Can I have the check please?
Right away, sir.
Is this amount correct?
Yes, sir, it is.
Thank you, the service was good
Please come again.

Nowadays fewer and fewer people go to the movie theaters to see films. So I am afraid that the film studios are really getting hard time to survive.
What you said is true. But the film producers there are more flexible ways to get more audience. For example, to make more movie Ccds, so people will spend money buying them. But it is true that cinemas are losing the attraction they used to have in the past.
Yes. Take myself for example. I seldom go to cinemas, but it doesn't mean I no longer see films ; instead, I see films at home-watching Ccds.

Okay, well I’m sure you have a number of questions to ask me regarding the position.
Yes, well Miss Childs did give mean overview of the position over the phone, but there were some details I’d like to clarify.
Well feel free to ask me anything, and I’ll try to fill in the details. Could I first ask about the remuneration package?
Yes, of course. That’s quite an important point, isn’t it? As a junior sub editor we offer a starting salary of 150,000 HK dollars per annum. This doesn’t include a generous housing allowance also.
I understand. And are there other bonuses included?
Well, apart from full health insurance we do offer a company staff bonus scheme linked to readership numbers. But we could go through all the details of that at a later date.
Well, Mr. Parsons, I am flexible when it comes to salary. The opportunity to work in Hong Kong for you is the most important thing for me.
Excellent. Well, what other questions do you have Rebecca?

We need to take the accounts system offline to carry out the upgrade. But don't worry, it won't cause too much inconvenience. We're going to do it over the weekend.
How long will the system be down for?
We'll be taking everything offline in about two hours' time. It'll be down for a minimum of twelve hours. If everything goes according to plan, it should be up again by 6 pm on Saturday.
That's fine. We've allowed forty-eight hours to be on the safe side.

Welcome to IBA. Can I help you?
Yes, please. I'm here for an International Settlement. Our company has to effect payment, and it needs to be done today. Here's the advice slip for the payment.
Thanks. I'm sorry to say that you need to get this stamped. There is no stamp on this slip and it is essential before I can process it for you.
I see. So, I need to stamp it. And sign it too?
Yes, that's right. Down here, at the bottom right hand corner to show that you agree to pay the printed amount.
I'll go back to the office and get it sorted and pop back later.
Thanks, bye for now.

That's the warehouse where the large items of office equipment are stored. If I ordered a desk today, how would it be before I got delivery in Scotland?
Well, I think perhaps you'd better speak to our Production Manager, Mr. Yao. You'll meet him when we go over to the factory.

Excuse me. I have just missed the connection plane due to the heavy fog in London. Can I change my ticket now?
Please Show your ticket and passport.
Here you are.
Which flight do you want to change?
The next one to my destination. I have to be there as soon as possible.

Hi, can I speak with the apartment manager, please?
Hello, this is the apartment manager speaking.
I'm calling about the apartment for rent on Main Street.
Would you be interested in seeing the apartment?
I would love to see it.
Are you free today at around 6 p. m.?
Yes, I will be able to make it then.
Well, I'll see you at 6 p. m. Do you know how to get there?
I used to live in that area.
I'll give you an application form when I see you.
That sounds good. Do I need to bring anything?
No. Just bring yourself.

Good afternoon. Welcome to China. May I see your passport, customs and health declaration form?
Yes, here you are.
Thank you. W hat's your occupation, Mr. Smith?
I'm the general manager of the Far-East Industry Corporation. You are here on business, aren't you?
Yes, I have been invited by the East Import
I see. Do you have anything to declare?
Yes, I have some foreign currency to declare.
Would you please fill out this currency declaration form? It's a record of the foreign currency you have brought in.
All right.

How much does it cost for a bus pass?
It'll be $ 65 for a monthly pass.
Is there anything cheaper than that?
If you're in school, you can get a student pass.
Well, I am how much will that cost?
The pass is free.
I don't have to pay for anything?
You'll only have to pay for the monthly sticker.
How much is the monthly sticker?
It's $ 24 for each month.
I'll take the student bus pass.
Okay, I'll get you one.

I see there are some workmen on the site. When is the building work due to start?
Well, it'll take three weeks to demolish the old building and clear away the debris. We should be ready to start the construction work in week 23.
How long will the sub contractors be on site?
About ten weeks in total if everything goes according to plan.
I'm sure it will.
So, we should be able to start moving the machinery in during week 34.
I'll confirm that date with our suppliers.

Andrew's Hair Salon, this is Andrew.
Andrew, this is Linda Chen.
Hi Linda, what can I do for you?
I need to set up an appointment to get my hair fixed.
For what day?
Tuesday morning.

Have you bought a bus pass yet?
I'm not getting one.
Why is that?
It's cheaper if I don't buy one.
Buying a bus pass will save you money. How do you figure that?
There's no limit to how often you can use your bus pass.
Really? Plus, you don't have to use change for the bus anymore.
I like that.
You want to buy one now?
I'm going to.

Are you ready to order, sir?
Yes, I would like a roast duck and my friend wants steaks.
How do you like your steaks?
I'd like it medium-well.
OK, sir, wait a minute.

Hello, I want to know how much it costs to have a manicure and pedicure.
Usually it's 60 dollars for a manicure, and 80 dollars for a pedicure. But with this special discount, the total for both is only one hundred and 20 dollars, and you can get them painted.
That's nice. I'd like to give it a try. I think I like passion red. please.
Alright.Do you want your cuticles cut, too?
No. Would you like the shapes square or round?
Square. But with round at the edges, please.
All right, it's done. Please follow me to the drying section. How long will it take to get them dry?
Ten or about five minutes. You'll be all set.
I see, thank you.

Hello, this is Lucy. May I speak to Mr. Smith?
Oh, hello, Lucy. What's up?
I'm afraid I can't come to work today, Mr. Smith.
Oh, what's wrong with you?
I've got a fever and a very sore throat.
Well, you sound ill over the phone.
Yes. I have to stay in bed today, but I'll be able to come tomorrow.
That's all right. Have a good rest until you feel well enough.
Thank you, Mr. Smith. Goodbye.
Goodbye, Lucy.

Waiter, we have been waiting for 20 minutes. Would you mind hurrying?
I am sorry, sir, the fish you ordered will take a longer time because we make it with fresh fish.
That's fine. Would you please bring me some wine?
Sure, is dry white wine OK?
Yes.
Thank you.

Hi Bob, I won't be in work tomorrow.
Why, what's the problem?
I have a dentist appointment.
Okay.

I've come about your wools. According to our market survey, wools are likely to find a ready market in our country.
Wonderful?! We can meet your requirements and the offer is ready for you. Here it is. The unit price is USD 15.00 per kilogram.
Do you quote CIF or FOB?
It's FOB Shanghai. Could you quote the price of CIF Hamburg?
Certainly, that's easy. We will work out our CIF offer this evening. Could you come again tomorrow, say, at 10 AM?
Okay, see you tomorrow?!

Hi?! Do you want a fill-up?
Yes, please. Which type of gas do you want? Regular, Super, or Premium Unleaded?
What's the price difference?
Regular is $ 1.15, Super is $ 1.25 and Premium is $ 1.39.
Just fill it up with Regular, Unleaded, please. Do you want me to check the tires and the fluids?
Yes, I would. Thanks a lot.

Is your father in the habit of having naps?
Yes, all of us have naps.
Don't you feel dizzy when you have to get up?
No, not at all.

Excuse me. I need some storybooks in easy English. Do you have anything likethat?
Well, there are a lot of storybooks upstairs in our children's section. Some are written for young children, others for teens. Maybe some of them will suit your needs.
I'll go take a look. Thanks for your help.
You're welcome.

Good morning. I need to speak with the property manager, please.
Good morning. You are speaking to the property manager.
While it was raining last night, water started leaking in from the ceiling.
Was it leaking in the bedroom?
It was in the living room.
Can you tell me which floor you are on?
We are on the bottom floor.
I would like to look at the leak. Will you be home this morning?
Yes, someone will be here to let you in.
Just in case you have to leave, we will just use the master key.

How much is your last salary?
I have earned 10,000 a year including bonuses.
How much do you want us to pay you?
I like to be paid more than that. Hopefully, 150,000 a year.
To be honest, I left the company to get more income.

I hope you can help. I've got a bit of a problem with your ATM.
Of course, that's my job. Oh, dear. What's happened?
Well, it's eaten my card?! It won't give it back?!
I see... calm down, don't worry. May I ask what were you doing when it took your card?
Yes. I was only entering my PIN. I'm terrible at remembering it, I'm so forgetful, you see.
Mmmm... and exactly how many times did you enter it, please?
Maybe three times. As I said, I always forget it.
Ah?! Don't worry ; it's just a security measure. If someone uses a card and cannot get the right PIN after three attempts, the bank keeps the card in case it's stolen. Just contact the bank and we'll get it back to you.
Oh, I see. So if I call my branch they can sort everything out for me?
Yes, they'll be happy to help. Believe me, it happens to many people.
I'd better try harder to memorise my PIN in future. Thanks.

Is this the counter to pick up parcels?
Yes, it is. I want to pick up my parcels.
Please show me your parcel order.
OK. Here you are.
Let me check your parcel number. Song Ping's parcel number should be CP 06230221 5 CN.
Here is your parcel.
Thank you.
Not at all.

Hi Brittany. What are you doing with all of your clothes on your bed?
I'm trying to decide what to wear to school the first day.
Oh, A. Mom didn't tell you?
Didn't tell me what?
What? This Bs' school you're going to is going to make your life easy.
What are you talking about brother? Spill it.
Uniforms, sis, no more worrying about appearances?!
You mean I have to wear the same thing every day?
MOM?!

What would you like for your main dish?
Steak, please.
How would you like it?
Medium rare, please.
Anything else, sir? May I have a glass of red wine, please?
Of course.

Mr. Smith, do you like the hotel we booked?
Yes, we do. We like it very much.
I've come to make sure that your stay in Beijing is a pleasant one.
Thank you so much.

David, we have been doing business for three years, haven't we?
Yes, I'm glad we've had very pleasant cooperation in the previous years.
And your achievement for promoting our clothes was great in the three years. So, I wish to apply for the sole agency of your product in our local market. If you give us the agency, that will be more substantial for our cooperation.
To be frank, you are not the only one who applies for an agent for us in your country. I'd like to know some ideas of terms on which you would be willing to operate as our agent.
As we are a well-established company, we are very familiar with the customers' needs. Besides, we can make full use of our good connections with the wholesalers and retailers here and develop a good market for your products if appointed as your agent.
Sounds reasonable. I will tell my boss about you agent application. Another question, what do you think is the minimum annual sales you can guarantee?
To be on the safe side, and for garment of all materials, sizes, and styles, I think the amount will be 50,000 pieces a year.
Well. As our sole agency, you will neither handle the same or similar products of other origins nor re-export our goods to any other area outside your own.
No, certainly not.

Excuse me. I bought this circulator here yesterday but it doesn't work.
Oh, let's see what's wrong.

Where can I find the produce?
Aisle A is where you'll find all the produce.
What sales do they have today?
I'm sure something is on sale. Please check with the produce person.

Hello, this is Steven from Blue Sky Co. May I speak to Mr. James?
Speaking.
Excuse my troubling you. You purchased our products last year and now I am following up to find out about their workings. Are they still in good condition now?
Yeah, exactly?! I bought them last year. En... at present, they are still in good state.
That's it?! All of them have first-class quality and performance. Besides, we adopt advanced technology. Now we have developed new products. They are much better than what you have bought.
Your company is developing so fast. Maybe later on I will plan to buy more.
That's great?! Thanks for your support. If any, please remember to call us.
I am afraid I have to say goodbye now?!
Bye, Mr. James?!
Bye?!

Ms.Dawson, I need you to take a dictation for me.
Yes, sir... This should go out as an intra-office memorandum to all employees by this afternoon.Are you ready?
Yes, sir.Go ahead.
Attention all staff... Effective immediately, all office communications are restricted to email correspondence and official memos.The use of Instant Message programs by employees during working hours is strictly prohibited.
Sir, does this apply to intra-office communications only? Or will it also restrict external communications?
It should apply to all communications, not only in this office between employees, but also any outside communications.
But sir, many employees use Instant Messaging to communicate with their clients.
They will just have to change their communication methods. I don't want any - one using Instant Messaging in this office.It wastes too much time?! Now, please continue with the memo.Where were we?
This applies to internal and external communications.
Yes.Any employee who persists in using Instant Messaging will first receive a warning and be placed on probation.At second offense, the employee will face termination.Any questions regarding this new policy may be directed to department heads. Is that all?
Yes.Please get this memo typed up and distributed to all employees before 4 pm.

Do you have everything?
Let's see... my ID card, my passport, and my suitcase. I'm pretty sure I've got everything.

This is Dunlin. Is this Mrs Smith speaking?
Yes, what can I do for you?
I just want to call and say thank you for letting me interview yesterday.
You are welcome, Mr. Sun.
And I also want to know what the status is of the position.
Sorry, we haven't made the decision at all. But we should be making the decision by the end of this week. And we'll get in touch with you once we make it.
Do you have any questions we didn't cover in the interview?
No. Thank you, I am looking forward to hearing from you. Bye-bye.
Thank you for the calling. Bye-bye.

I often sneeze after having a bad itch inside my nose. Sometimes this is accompanied by an itching throat.
Any other discomfort?
Yes. Sometimes I can notice a constriction in the chest and shortness of breath after a fit of sneezing. And I often suffer from a running nose with a profuse watery discharge.
Does it occur seasonally or all year round?
It has been seasonal during these past three years.
Are you sensitive to other things?
Yes, things like seafood and penicillin-type drugs.
OK. Let me examine your nose. According to your case history and the examination, I believe that it's allergic rhinitis.
What useful treatment can you offer?
I'll give you a series of specific skin tests. Then we'll know exactly what substances you're allergic to. Then I'll give you some causes of desensitization therapy.

Miss, would you like to try this free sample of our new suntan cream?
Sure, why not?
This is a new product of company this year. It's oil-free.
I see. It feels very light on the skin.
It gives your skin a very natural healthy look. I like the cool smell, too.

So how can I make it?
First you make a list of what you wanna buy...
But I’Ve gotta have the budge before anything else.
Well, that’s a problem, isn’t it?

Did you have a part-time job when you were still in school?
No, I was way too busy studying all the time. How about you?
Yeah, I worked about twenty hours a week in a pizza restaurant.
What was that like?
It was always very busy there. What did you do?
I stood behind the register and took pizza orders.
Did you get any perks on the job?
Yeah, I got to eat as much pizza as I could for free.

Okay. I'd like to change some euro into US dollars, please.
Sure. How much would you like to change?
Six hundred euro.
Very good. May I see your passport?
Here you are.
How would you like your bills?
In fifties please.

Why are you reading the classifieds? What do you need?
I'm looking for a bookcase, but I don't want to buy a new one.
Are you having any luck?
Not really. There aren't any used bookcases listed. But there are a few rummage sales on Saturday. I think I'll go to them.
Do you mind if I go with you?
Not at all. These private sales are great places to bargain. And sometimes you can find terrific things among all the junk.
I learned to negotiate from my mother. I thought I was pretty good at bargaining, but I had a problem the other day at Kimble's Department Store.
What happened?
I wanted to buy a beautiful wool sweater for my girlfriend. It was priced at forty dollars, so I started by offering the salesclerk thirty.

Do you do a lot of your shopping online?
Not really. I like looking on the internet at what’s available, but I usually prefer to actually see and touch what I’m buying before I pay for it. Sometimes, I’ll look at something in a shop, but lat No. I’m a little worried about security. You never know who’s trying to find out your codes and passwords. Aren’t you worry about that?
Not really. I know that it happens, but if you buy from reputable companies with secure websites, you should be ok.
Even though I use online shopping facilities, I don’t think it’s the best way to sho
I’m surprised to hear you say that. I thought you loved anything technological.
I do. I’m a big fan of using new technology, but I don’t want to sit in front of a computer screen all day. I think people need to get out and interact with other people. So, how about coming to the department store with me? I want to see if there are any new summer clothes on sale yet.
Sure. I’d love to join you. Can we stop by the computer store? I just want to see if they have something.
Sure. While you’re in the computer store. I will visit the book store opposite. I like to browse through their books and see if they have anything interesting.
Ok. I’Ve finished online. Let’s go.
I’ll just get some money and my credit card.
Thanks for reminding me. I had forgotten to get mine.

Please help yourself at your dishes. I hope you’ll enjoy what you’Ve got.
It suits my taste. You are really a good cook.
Would you like to try my special recipe?
Wow, let me try. It tastes nice.
How did you make it?
It’s as easy as pie. I always follow recipes.

Mr. Dick. Does the recommendation of the university play an important role?
Yes. In fact, the recommendation letter written by the university is an indirect self-recommendation. In the long period of cooperation, the university has established good relationship with the companies or organizations, they trust each other well. If your university recommends you, you can be approved more easily.
But I find that most of the recommendation letters written by universities are the same. So I doubt its authority.
More and more persons have the same discoveries since most universities do that in order to save energy. If your university also does like this, you can look for other methods, because such kinds of recommendations say nothing for you. Could you tell me whether or not I send out my resume with it?
It depends. If it has something special or useful, I suggest you send it out.

Taylor, can you tell me how to apply for a job on the Internet?
Just fill out an application. Do I have to send an E-mail?
You are expected to know the E-mail address of the unit.
But I still don't know which unit is in need of staff. Send out an application through Job-wanted on the website.
Can any unit see my information?
It's a two-way choice. And your application will be read.
Which websites offer this service?
Sina, 21st Century Talent Net, and a few others.
Thank you.

Don’t throw your weight around. I can’t bear you any more.
I dare you to say that again.

Were you a leader when you were in college?
Yes. I was Propaganda department minister of our university.
Did you get any honors or awards at your university?
No. It’s a pity about it. Were you involved in any club activities at your university?
Yes. I was a member of the basketball Society. I like playing basketball.
What extracurricular activities did you usually take part in at your college?
I sometimes played basketball and sometimes played football.

You want to argue your ticket today?
Yes. That is why I'm here.
Tell me your argument.
I was pulled over for allegedly speeding.
Are you sure you weren't speeding?
To be honest, I really wasn't. What speed were you going?
I was under the speed limit. I was going 35, when the speed limit was 40.
I'm just going to let you go, since the arresting officer isn't here.
What about my ticket? Do I still need to pay?
Don't worry about it.
I'm so glad for your help.

Annie, do you like shopping online?
Yes, I like it, because it's convenient. Last week, I tried to buy a new cellphone online, but I didn't know how to pay for it.
First, you should open an account at the online bank. After that, you can buy anything you want online.
Are there many things online?
Sure. You can find everything all over the world. Let's check it out online?!
( They log in a shopping website. ) That's amazing. Oh, an on line virtual supermarket? Let's click to check it out. Oh, I got it. It simulates the real supermarket, which makes it feel so real.
Mom will love it. She loves shopping in supermarkets.

Ah, Bob. Just the person I wanted to see.
So what is it?
You gotta help me out this time, buddy.
Another tough thing, I guess.

Hey?! What happened??! My song was only half way through and it skipped to the next song.
I don't know what happened?! You cancelled the song, didn't you, Jack?
No, I didn't.
Really?! Then, is the machine broken or...

Good evening, Do you have a reservation?
Yes. The reservation under Mr. Watson.
Ah, yes, a table for four at 8 Em, no, thanks. I think we'll go straight to the table, By the way. may I check my overcoat here?
Certainly, sir. We'll keep it in the cloakroom for you. Here is your number. When you leave, show it to the waiter behind the counter, please.
Thank you. Could you show us to our table now? Would you please follow me, please?
Thank you. This is your table. It's Number 10.

Hello, ma’am. Can I help you? I’m looking for a sweater.
What size are you looking for?
Well, I’m looking for size 10 but you don’t have it.
How about this one? I think it looks terrific on you.
Yes, I like the color. Can I try it on?
Sure. The fitting room is on your right.
It fits well. I like it a lot. What do you think?
You look pretty in red.
Oh, it’s my favorite. How much is it?
$ 29.99.
Okay. I’ll take it. Thank you very much for your help.
You’re welcome.

Do you have any cars available?
We have only one mid-size car left.
Great, what's the rate per day?
It's 40 $ plus tax per day on limited mileage.
I'm going to need it for three days. Can I see your driver's license?
Sure, here is my driver's license.
Please sign here.

Are you ready to order? I think that we have a pretty good idea of what we would like to order.
Let me tell you about the specials of the day, which are chicken in a wine sauce with capers, and grilled garlic shrimp.
I was wondering if the chef could leave off the sauce.
The chef would be happy to accommodate your special requests.
I am a vegetarian. Do you have any vegetarian selections?
You could choose the roasted vegetable and garlic pizza or the goat cheese and candied walnut salad.
I think that we will split the roasted vegetable and garlic pizza.
That is a good selection, and I can bring your salads now or serve them with your entree.
You can bring us our salads when you bring us our entree.

I can't open this email attachment our Paris office has sent me. Are you sure you're using the right program?
Well, yes it's definitely the same program but I might have the wrong version. Their system is newer than ours.
That's why you can't open it. You'll have to upgrade before you can read the file.

What kind of character do you think you have?
Generally speaking, l am an open-minded person.
What is your strongest trait?
Cheerfulness and friendliness.
How would your friends or colleagues describe you?
They say Mr. Sun is a friendly, sensitive, caring and determined person.
What personality do you admire?
I admire a person who is honest, flexible and easy-going.
How do you get along with others?
I get on well with others.

Hi, I need to make an appointment to see the doctor.
What seems to be the problem?
I have a rash that I need a doctor to look at.
Do you have a fever with that rash?
No, it just itches a lot.
I have openings on Tuesday or Wednesday. Which would be best for you?
I need an appointment on Tuesday.
Fine, I am putting you down for 9
I would like to see Dr. Jones.
I can schedule you with him with no problem.
We look forward to seeing you.

Wow?! What's the hold up?
It’s probably just people trying to get an early start out of the city for the weekend. Nobody sticks around in the summer.
Really? Then, I guess I won’t have a hard time finding a room or getting a cab?
Actually, you might because there’s a big convention in town this weekend.
I’m not too worried about it. I always seem to find something.

Hello, how can I help you today?
I'd like to withdraw some money from my account.
Please fill out this slip stating how much you wish to withdraw.
Well, actually, it's quite a substantial amount. Here's my Bank Book. Will that cause a problem?
On your account there is no limit to over the counter withdrawals, it won't cause a problem.
Here's your money, 10,000 RIB. Please count it before you leave.
Yes, that seems to be all in order. Thanks very much.

Quality is very important to us. We work to very low tolerance levels. We need to have guaranteed supplies of consistently high quality raw materials. Over the years we've built up very good relationships with our suppliers.
Do you have many different suppliers?
Yes. There are about fifty names on our approved supplier list, but for raw materials we tend to deal with three local companies.

Mary, can you tell me how you keep in shape?
You'll never be in shape until you eat less and take more exercise. Now, tell me what you often eat.
I often eat fish and eggs. Do you eat a lot of vegetables?
Oh yes, and fruits. I love fruits very much.
What do you like to drink?
Well, I never drink alcohol, coffee or tea. Whatever would you like to drink?
I drink a lot of milk. I drink milk almost every day. How often do you exercise?
Well, I walk every day. It's a good diet and a regular exercise.
Yes, quite right.

I am sorry, but I cannot stay for the rest of class today.
Why do you need to leave early?
I don’t feel so good. What doesn’t feel right?
I feel as if I am going to be sick to my stomach.
Perhaps you should get checked out at the Student Health Center before you go home.
I have some medicine at home that I could take.
Are you going to be OK to drive home, or would you like someone to go with you?
Thank you, but my friend is in the library, and he can give me a ride home.
We hope that you are feeling better soon. E-mail me if you have any questions.

Your boyfriend is so considerate to you. When do you plan to marry?
It’s still up in the air. There is something wrong between us.

We're considering of ordering 200 computers, but I'm wondering about the price you'll possibly offer.
Our price will be not less than $ 5000.
Your price is higher than I expected. Could you give us a little discount?
This is already our best price. But the price is always negotiable and you should consider our quantity of order.
Well, what would you suggest? Could you make it $ 4500?
I'm afraid that there is no room to negotiate the price. This is the best price we can quote.
Can we meet each other half way?
What do you mean? Let's close the deal at $ 4800, OK?
You drive a hard bargain?! OK, that's a deal.

I'm now on the Songshan airport getting ready for departure. I realized that I might have left my watch.
Yes, Ma'am. May I have your name and room number?
My name is Terry. I stayed last night in your hotel in room 132. What kind of watch is it?
It's a brand-new Seiko wrist watch.
Yes, we have it.
Oh, I'm glad to hear that. Would you kindly send it to the Hilton Hotel?

What are your thoughts on the apartment?
I think that it’s absolutely gorgeous.
There aren’t any problems with the apartment?
I think that the apartment looks very nice, but I do see some problems.
What problems?
I did notice a few stains in the carpet.
We will have the carpet cleaned before you move in.
You will?
Yes, but other than that, are there any more problems?
That was the only thing that I saw that was wrong with the apartment.
I’m happy that you find this apartment so appealing.
It is. I love it.

That China-gown of Tang-Dynasty style is so beautiful. Would you show it to me, please?
Absolutely. Here it is.
Could I try it on?
Please do, the fitting-room is over there.
It feels a little tight around the waist. Do you have a bigger one?
I'm sorry. We don't have this color in your size. We have some green ones in your size. Would you please have a look at this green one?
OK. How much does it cost?
It's 486 yuan.
Mmm, it is reasonable.

Mrs. Wang, would you give us an idea of the price you regard as workable?
As I said before, your price is so high that we find it difficult to make a bid. We hope you will take the initiative and bridge the gap.
Just to comply, we're ready to reduce the price by 5 percent. I hope this concession of ours will get the ball rolling.
So do we. Certainly it's a step forward on your side. But the gap is still too wide.
The ball is in your court, Mrs.Wang. What price would you suggest?
To make your offer workable, I think you should take another step down as big as the one you've just taken.
That won't do. You see, our profit margin is very narrow. It simply can't stand such a big cut.
I hate to disappoint you, Mr. Brown, but if that's the case, we have no alternative but to cover our requirements elsewhere.
Do think it over, please. We sincerely hope our discussion will come to a successful conclusion.
Well, I'm not authorized to agree to such a big reduction. Would you mind waiting a day or two, until I get a reply from the home office?
Not at all. Shall we meet again, say, on Friday morning?
Good. Friday morning at 9.

Good morning. Good morning.This is Mary.Can I speak to Anne please?
I’m sorry She isn’t in at the moment. She will come back at half past nineCan I take a message for her?
Thank you.But I will call her later
OK.Goodbye.
Goodbye.

Hi, Jane. How are you doing this morning?
I’m all right, thanks. Just a little tired.
Late night?
Yeah, I got home around two.

We've been waiting here for nearly ten minutes now, and there still isn't a bus in sight. I'm afraid we'll be late for the party. Have you got the time, Tom?
Yes, my watch says a quarter to seven. but there is something wrong with my watch?!
But you bought it only last month.
Yes, but ever since I bought it, it gains about five minutes a day, so I' Ve got to have it repaired.
How long will it take us to get there?
I think about ten minutes by bus.
It's not far away, then. Let's walk, it's beginning to rain.
Wait?! I think I see a bus coming now.
Let's hope it's the No. 22 bus.

Hi, Mr. Smith. I'm Doctor Hawkins. Why are you here today?
I found it would be a good idea to get a check-up.
Yes, well, you haven't had one for 5 years. You should have one every year.
I know. I figure as long as there is nothing wrong, why go see the doctor?
Well, the best way to avoid serious illnesses is to find out about them early. So try to come at least once a year for your own good.
Ok. Let me see here. Your eyes and ears look fine. Take a deep breath, please. Do you smoke, Mr. Smith?
Yes.
Smoking is the leading cause of lung cancer and heart disease, you know. You really should quit.
I've tried hundreds of times, but I just can't seem to kick the habit.
Well, we have classes and some medications that might help. I'll give you more information before you leave.
Ok, thanks doctor.

Good afternoon. Mr. Tylor's office?
I'm afraid you've got the wrong extension.
I'm sorry, but could you please transfer this call to Mr. Tylor's office?
Sure, please hold on.
Thank you. Now Mr. Tylor's on the line. Go ahead, please.
You are so kind, you helped me a lot.
You are welcome. Bye?!

Good afternoon, Lexington Software. Angelina Dawson, how can I help?
Hello, this is Quinn from IBA.
Ah, hello Quinn. Oh dear, you are calling to tell me there is a problem, aren't you?
I'm afraid so, yes.
Hmm... well, it was my first attempt?! Is it a very big mistake, or can we just alter it?
Unfortunately it's rather a big mistake.
What do you recommend we do?
I would recommend we scrap this one and you bring in another set as soon as possible.
I trust your judgement. Thank you, Quinn. I'll be back tomorrow with a new set. Bye for now.

Oh?!?!?! I have a horrible toothache.
You should go to the dentist.
I hate dentists.
Well, suffer then. If you have a toothache, you have to go to the dentist. It always hurts.
I hate going.
Stop being such a baby. If it really hurts that much, just let them knock you out.
O. K., O. K., I’ll go.
Good. You'll feel better after you do.

Hi, I would like to purchase a one way ticket to Brussels, please.
Certainly sir, this is our train schedule. We have an express train departing every morning and an overnight train that departs at nine pm.
How long does it take to get there?
About twelve hours. We currently have tickets available only for first class on the express train. If you’d like, you can choose a sleeper on the overnight train which is a bit less expensive.
Yeah, I think that is the best option. Do you serve food on the train? Twelve hours is such a long time?!
Yes, of course. There is a dining car towards the front of the train where they serve meals at all times. We do provide complimentary water and coffee for all of our passengers.
Great?! I’ll take it. Here you are sir. Your train leaves from platform number nine at nine on the dot. Remember to be here at least thirty minutes before your scheduled departure time or else you might miss your train?!
I understand. Thank you very much?! Have a great trip.

I would like to take a trip to the beach this weekend.
A trip to the beach would be fun. How is the weather going to be?
The forecast says that it will be warm on the weekend.
So do you think it'll be perfect weather for the beach?
It sounds like it will be. I really hope it doesn't get cold. That would ruin things, I want to go so badly.
The weather in California is unpredictable, so you never know.
That is true. The weather is constantly changing. It would be nice if the weather would never change.
That would be great, then we could plan things sooner. True.
Predictable weather would make life easier.

Some companies use to ban dating among employees, but now they have realized it is something in avertable. People spend so much time at work. It is not surprising for one to have a crash on the other. If we think positively, office love can be beneficial to company.
Beneficial? I don’t think so. If two employees get married, they will leave at the same time for a honeymoon, or later one of them will stay at home taking care of babies. If they break up, the company will probably have to relocate one of them to make the workplace more comfortable. By any means, the company must spare extra efforts to solve problems brought by an office dating.
But if two employees are in love, they will be happy. Happy people are more productive. If they develop an intimate relation with each other, they are willing to share knowledge and experience. It can help to improve work efficiency.
I doubt that.

Do you eat a lot of healthy food?
Compared with healthy food, unhealthy food just tastes so much better. And anyway, I believe if you live a low stress Life and are active, you can get away with eating whatever you like. It's all in the mind.
You have the point. I think cancer is caused by more worry than by the things we consume. Some good things you should try are cranberry juice, wild rice and yoghurt.
What's special about these things?
Cranberry juice is very good for destroying harmful bacteria in your guts because it's very acidic. Wild rice is high in fibre so it's good for your guts and it's high in protein and minerals-I think it's also tastier than normal rice. Yoghurt's good because it's also rich in protein, vitamins and is also acidic. People have been making yoghurt for thousands of years and if you have it every day, your guts will be much more settled.
Thanks. I'm going to follow your advice and pop down to the supermarket right now.

I've been so tired recently. I've been trying, but I don't think I'm up to this job.
You need to take a break, maybe a vacation. Oh, yes, indeed. I've run out of steam.
To be honest, I want to be in a different environment.
Is that so?
Yes, I don't want to be stuck in a rut. I want to move on.
Have you decided?
Yes. I want to get a better job.
Could you tell me why you want to quit?
I quit just because of the dissatisfying salary and the trouble in getting along with my colleagues.
Oh, that's terrible. Do you want to get a higher salary in our company?
I'm afraid not. I've promised my girlfriend. We'll travel southwards to find a job that offers higher pay.
OK, I'd like to say that I've really enjoyed working with you. However, I think you should work harder for your new job and then you can ask for higher pay.
Thank you so much for your advice. And every best wish for your new job.
Thank you.

The train is leaving. Hurry up?! Which car are we in?
Let me see. Oh, No. 11. Here we are, Car 11. Let's get in.
Seats No. 20 and 21. It’s nice that we’Ve got a window seat.
Let's put our suitcases on the rack.
Oh, the baggage rack is full. Put them under the seat for the time being.
All right.

So, how should we get to the theatre? Let's take the bus.
I hate the bus system in London?! The bus drivers are rude, the buses are never on time, and there are few people around who can help you.
It's not that bad. You probably just had a bad experience once.
It wasn't just once. Every single time I take the bus, something bad happens to me or to someone else on the bus.
We could take the subway, but we'd have to go three stops along one line and then change trains twice. Train fares are twice as expensive as the bus fare, too.
If we don't hurry up, we'll miss the show. Should we take the bus?
We're already late, so I think we had better take a taxi.
I don't think we'll be able to find a taxi very easily during hush hours. Let's just take the bus.
Fine. Have a look at the timetable to find out when the next one arrives.
It looks like it should be here in just a few minutes. don't worry. Nothing bad will happen. I'll even buy your ticket for you.
Thanks, that was nice of you.
See, now something good has happened to you on a bus trip?!

Let's go over this plan again. From Vancouver, we bike along the border all the way to Winnipeg. And that is mostly flat, right?
Relatively, once we're out of Alberta, anyway. Then it's hills again in Aitoba.
And from Winnipeg we go around the lakes through Toronto, right?
That's right. And up in to Quebec. And that's where we stop.
It doesn't sound like that much when we go over the plan but that's a long, long ride. Are you ready for the cross country of a lifetime?

Good morning, sir. What can I do for you?
I'm Bill. I'm in Room 908. Can you change the room for me? It's too noisy. My wife was woken up several times by the noise the baggage elevator made. She said it was too much for her.
I'm awfully sorry, sir. I do apologize. Room 908 is at the end of the corridor. It's possible that the noise is heard early in the morning when all is quiet.
Anyhow, I'd like to change our room.
No problem, sir. We'll manage it, but we don't have any spare room today. Could you wait till tomorrow? The American People-to-people Education Delegation will be leaving tomorrow morning. There'll be some rooms for you to choose from.
All right. I hope we'll be able to enjoy our stay in a quiet suite tomorrow evening and have a sound sleep.
Be sure. I'll make a note of that. Everything will be taken care of. And if there is anything more you need, please let us know.

It's time for bed.
I'm not ready to go to sleep. I'm not tired.
It's quite late, and you have an early day tomorrow.
I'm not going to be able to fall asleep.
Why don't you try counting sheep?
I've tried that before. It really doesn't work.
That's beside the point, you still need to go to bed.
Why can't I just stay up until I fall asleep?
If I let you do that, then you're just going to be up all night.
I promise I'll go to sleep soon.
No, you're going to sleep now, so good night.
See you in the morning.

I see myself as being honest, diligent, persevering and creative. And I have a strong sense of responsibility.
How about your psychological resilience?
I think I can work well under pressure, if necessary.
How would you deal with those who are not easy to get along with?
I will just be sincere and friendly to others, and I believe they will treat me the same way.
You seem to be a kind-hearted lady.
Thank you. I simply believe the goodness of human nature.
Please tell me your weaknesses if you can.
I should admit that sometimes I care too much about the details. I am always in pursuit of perfection.

Karen? I need to go over a few things with you.
Certainly. Mr. Graham. When would you like to meet?
I was thinking about this afternoon, after the sales meeting.
Fine. At 3:30?

I believe we' Ve met before. My name's David.
Yes, at your company, I think. I'm Frank.
Oh, I remember now.Very nice to meet you again.
Nice meeting you, too.

I made my little brother cry.
Shame on you?!

I need some mascara. Do you have good thickening mascara?
Of course. Here is our thickening mascara. We also have mascara designed to lengthen the eyelashes.
Alright. And I want to consider your eye shadow too. Do you have a color chart can look at?
We have a very wide selection of colors. And our eye shadow is specially designed to moisturize the skin. So it is very gentle on your eyelids. Would you like to sample some?
Oh, sure I will need to clean off my own eye shadow first.
I can help you with that.
Thank you.

Is this the baggage claim area for flight KB256?
Yes, we are on the same plane.
But I am a transfer passenger. I have a connecting flight to Miami.
So you have to bring your baggage to the transfer check-in area.
Yes.It' s quite troublesome. Why not go and find a porter?

Billy, you don’t look too well. Maybe you should take the day off school.
But Mom?! Today we’re playing football?! I love football?!
You’Ve got a fever and playing football isn’t a good idea for a boy with a fever.
What’s that on your arm?
I don’t know. It was there when I woke up this morning.
It’s rash. I’d better take you to see the doctor.
How did you get that bruise on your leg?
I bashed it against the chair in my room.
Does it hurt?
A little, but not much. Here. Put this wet towel on your face to keep your temperature down. I’ll take you to the doctor’s after breakfast.
If I’m better this afternoon, can I go to school?
If you are better, but I doubt you will be.

This is your schedule.
You're going out of your way for us, I believe.
You are our honored guests.

Are there any vacancies still available?
Yes. We need a plumber here.
I am looking for a job that is more advanced than that, such as sales manager or regional manager.
I am sorry. They are not available now.

My name is Mary, and I will be your waitress tonight.
Thank you, Mary. We have been looking forward to trying out this restaurant.
Before your main course, would you like to order an appetizer?
Sure, that sounds great. Where are your appetizers listed?
There is a special appetizer menu right here in the center of the table.
The chicken and cheese quesadilla looks good. Is that pretty good?
You know, that is one of my favorites?!
OK, I'll take one order of that.
You could choose another appetizer for half price to share.
Perfect?! Please add on an order of onion rings.

I am waiting for a fax but just now I found there's something wrong with the fax machine.
What's wrong with the fax machine? Is it urgent?
Yes, very urgent. And there is no other fax machine around. And the office of our boss is closed, so I can not use his machine either. And his secretary is out. Do you have any suggestion?
Either call this extension number 0085 or ask them to send the fax to you as e-mail, you print it out.

I would like to speak to you, if you don’t mind.
What would you like to speak to me about?
I would like to talk to you about this year’s election.
Is that right? I am a volunteer for this year’s campaign.
That’s wonderful. I am impressed at someone so young taking a stand. I know history is about to be made, and I would like to be a part of it.
That’s fantastic. Are you planning on voting?
I’m going to vote. Go to your polling place early on Election Day.
I will.
Good luck with your volunteering.

We hope that there will be no repetition of this kind of trouble in the future.
Yes. I promise it will not happen again.
We look forward to your settlement at an early date.
We will inform you as soon as possible.

Hello, Steven. How do you get along with your job?
Actually, I learn many things from it. I find that I am a quick learner in new things.
Practice makes perfect. By the way, what do you learn from your job?
At first I didn't know anything about the machine. Now I know how to operate it. Besides, the work gives me a sense of fulfillment and achievement.
Yeah, you are a good learner. I must commend you for your good performance.
Thank you. That's a long way to go for my job.
I appreciate your effort very much. The coffee break is over ; it's about time we set to work.
OK, let's go.

Where on earth are we?
Judging by all the traffic, I'd say we're near the outskirts of the city.
What did I do wrong? Did I take a wrong turn?
I'm not sure, but I think you turned right when you should have turned left on the flyover bridge.
Well, now we should turn back a few kilometres. It seems that the traffic sign is much more important than the map.

Hello. Front desk.
Yes. This is Bob Robinson. I’m calling from room number 627.
Hi, Bob. What can I do for you? Is it possible to change to another room?
Could you please tell me why? My room is facing the swimming pool. It’s noisy for me. I have a problem sleeping. And I feel uncomfortable when I take an elevator.
So you need a quiet side room on the lower floor.
You’re right. Okay. Let me check for a room on the first floor.
Thank you.
I’Ve only two rooms on the first floor. How about room 108?
That’s fine. Can I move now?
Sure. I’ll send the bellman to help you.
Oh, thank you kindly.
You’re welcome.

How long will it take for our order to be delivered?
Let's see. You are importing fifty containers of textiles from China. They should be able to place your order before the end of next week. It will take 2 days for shipping to the port city of Ningpo. The freight will take 3 weeks on the open ocean and will arrive in Los Angeles approximately a month from today. Domestic shipping will be your responsibility, you can make arrangements with the pier in Los Angeles.
Fine, we will handle domestic shipping, but what about customs? Will we have to pay tariff on our imports?
I hope we don't run into any problems with the border control.
No, the Chinese company has that all worked out. With the paperwork you receive with the shipment, you should be good to go.

Now you're my boss, Mr. Henry. Do you have any other particular conditions that you would like the company to take into consideration?
No, nothing in particular. You may ask questions about us, if you have any.
All right. When can I start?

What are you doing here today?
I would like to fight my ticket.
Is the arresting officer in the courtroom today?
Yes, the officer is here today. What's your case?
I was pulled over for running a red light, but I never did.
Do you believe that the officer lied?
There was a camera on the signal. So, he was obviously lying.
Your license plate was caught on camera?
A picture of my license plate was never taken.
Since there is no picture of your license plate on record, I'm going to let you go.
Thank you. I'm glad that you believe me.

Hey Joe, what are you doing in this department store?
Hi, Rita, I'm just looking for a pair of shoes. I won't be here for long.
Why not? When I go shoe shopping, I have so many options for sneakers that I spend awhile looking at all of the choices.
That's my problem. I don't have a lot of options. What do you mean?
This is a big store, isn't it?
Yes, but I have unusually big feet. That wouldn't be too much of a problem except that they're also very wide, and only a few brands sell shoes that I can fit into.
So how do you usually go about buying shoes, then?
Well, first of all, I can only go to certain stores that can guarantee me a large selection.
Well, you're in the right store. If they don't have it, no one will.
After that I choose something from one of the few brands that I know will fit me. I prefer white, so I ask them to bring me a pair of white sneakers in my size. Since I’m usually only given one or two pairs of shoes that meet my qualifications, it makes it a very easy choice.

what shall we do after the volleyball match?
how about going to the Olympic souvenir store to have a look? I remember there is one in the gym.
that's a good idea. I was thinking of buying some gifts for my family. me, too.
What did you have in mind?
I haven't decided yet, but I think the Olympic Mascots are a must.
I agree. They're very lovely, especially " Huan Huan ".
is that the red one? That is my favorite, too. Do you know how much they are?
the five dolls are sold together as a set, and they're priced according to the size. The bigger they are the more expensive.
oh, I see. If I buy more than a set, can I get any discount?
I don't think so. All the souvenirs of the Olympic Games are very hot right now.
any other ideas?
there are lots of things, such as postcards, key chains, posters and various arts and crafts.
it all sounds great. We can go there after the match. I can't wait to see what they have.

Mom?! I hate eating vegetables?!
You don’t have to eat them. I don’t mind.
Thanks mom?! Can I have dessert now? I love chocolate cake?!
No dessert for you unless you eat all your vegetables.
But I don’t like them?! It’s not fair?!
You can have some fruit for dessert. If you eat an apple and a banana, I might let you have a small piece of chocolate cake.
Ok... actually, I don’t mind eating peas and carrots, buy I hate broccoli and cauliflower.
I’ll remember that for next time. You’ll get extra peas and carrots, buy no broccoli or cauliflower. OK?
Thanks mom?!

It was very kind of you to give me a tour of the place. It gave me a good idea of your product range.
It’s a pleasure to show our factory to our customers. What’s your general impression, may I ask?
Very impressive, indeed, especially the speed of your NW Model. That’s our latest development. A product with high performance.
We put it on the market just two months ago. The machine gives you an edge over your competitors, I guess.
Certainly. No one can match us as far as speed is concerned.
Could you give me some brochures for that machine? And the price if possible.
Right. Here is our sales catalog and literature.
Thank you. I think we may be able to work together in the future.

Is the factory fully-automated?
Not completely. Our production process is partially-automated. We use robots on the production line for routine assembly jobs but some of the work is still done manually.
What about supply of parts to the production line?
Well, the parts are automatically selected from the store room using a bar-code system. And there is an automatic feeder which takes them to the conveyor belt at the start of the production line.
What about the smaller components?
They're transported to the workstations on automated vehicles - robot trucks - which run on guide rails around the factory.

I'm glad you're on your ten-year reunion planning committee.
Yeah, you get the TV to yourself while I spend my nights surfing the Net for missing classmates. That's not why. This way I can see how you guys do this sort of thing.
I guess. Don't you have reunions in Taiwan?
Definitely. Every year. But just for our forty-person class. Ours are for everyone that graduated in the same year.

What does your job involve?
I'm the Project Manager so I have to make sure our projects run smoothly. I work with three Project Engineers. They take care of after-sales service and look after the maintenance side of the business.

How many languages can you speak?
Besides Chinese, I can speak English and French. You mean you can read and write both of them?
No, I can only carry on a simple conversation in French.
Can you read and write English well?
I can speak the language better than read and write.
Do you speak the language well enough to communicate with people of English-speaking countries?
I think so. I used to be an interpreter. Do you think your English is good enough to do desk work?
The amount of English I know enables me to do general desk work. I believe what I know is sufficient to work in an American firm.

What can I get for you? Here is the menu.
Let me have a look. Well, how many kinds of steaks do you have?
We have sirloin steaks, pepper steak, and filet steak.
Is there something go with the filet steak?
Yes, we have various sauces.
What about the gravy?

Are you ready to go shopping?
Just a minute. I need to make a list of thinks that we need.
Good idea. Have you written down potatoes, carrots, and onions?
I don’t have onions on my list. I’ll add them. We should get some tea. Is green tea ok or should we get the same tea that we usually get?
Let’s get both. We need some coffee too. Is that on your list?
Yes, it is. Here’s my list. Is there anything that I’Ve forgotten?
I think you’Ve got everything. I want to got some chocolate and some cheese.
What kind of cheese do you want.
I’m not sure. I’ll decide at the cheese counter, when I can see what they have.
Have we got enough money?
We don’t have enough cash, so I’ll take my credit card and we can pay with that.
Where are the car keys?
I’Ve got them there. Shall I drive?

Hello, can you tell me how to use the telephone?
If you want to order meals, call 8801.If you need other help, call 8803 and someone will be there.
Thank you so much. By the way, is there a mail service?
Yes, you can take your letters to the counter over there.

I am afraid that the fax machine in my room won’t be working till tomorrow. A technician has just come and checked it. He will bring me a new one tomorrow. It seems there is a big problem with mine and it will take some days for repairing. Can I use the one in your office?
Of course you can. I am sure this one works very well. I just sent dozens of pages. How many pages are you sending? Are you familiar with my fax machine?
Yes, I think you have the same model as I have.
Does your fax machine print out immediately a transmission protocol?
Yes, it will print immediately.

How many years have you done business with China?
Let me see, about five years, we established our business relationship with Hua Mei of China Import & Export Corporation in 2003.
Do you have any difficulties in doing business in China? You know the Chinese economic legislation is still incomplete?
I don't think I have any problem with our Chinese partners. They have always followed the contract strictly. We can do business directly with the corporation. As I mentioned before, the Chinese government is trying very hard to perfect its law. Its commercial legislation provides legal protection for foreign companies.
Well, it's known that the Sino-American relation is in a dilemma. Does it influence your business in China?
Actually not at present. But we are afraid it will. You know policies influence business to some extent.
I hope our government will not be influenced by some extremists. China is really a large market. We don't want to lose it.
Thank you.
You're welcome.

Give me a pack of first-class stamps, please.
Here you are. That will be five dollars. Anything else?
Yes. I want some post cards and some airmail stamps. I want to send some letters to South America.
Just a moment, I'll look up the rate for air-mail letters to South America.
Can you tell me how much it will cost to send a package to Colombia? Also, I what to know how long it will take.
Do you have the package with you? I would have to weigh it to see how much it would cost. Do you insure package?
Yes. All you have to do declare the value of the package and decide how much you want to insure it for.
Is there a way that I can be sure that the people in South america receive my package?
The post office rarely loses package. You can, however, request a rectum receipt.
One last question-what are your hours?
We open at eight-thirty in the morning and close at five-thirty in the afternoon.
Thank you, you helped me a lot.

Hello, thank you for taking the time to interview me.
Hi there, I’m Bill Gotcha, the owner of Gotcha Enterprises. Did you find your way here OK?
Your assistant gave wonderful directions.
Why are you switching jobs at this point in your career?
Our Company is moving overseas and I wish to stay in the United States.
What are you best at?
I am good at organizing systems that have been having problems.
What is your biggest challenge in terms of skills?
I don’t like to sit around and so like to always find things to do to keep myself busy.
That is good to hear?!

Good morning. SRC international. How may I help you?
Good morning. I'd like to speak to Peter. Chen Please.
Certainly. Who should I say is calling?
This is Tim. Hunter from Hunter industries.
And what is it regarding please?
We have an appointment for this afternoon. Mr. Chen will know why I'm calling.
Of course, Please hold the line Mr. Hunter.

Right, let me run through your options. You can go ahead and cash your undue Large-Amount Deposit Certificate if you really want to, but I'd recommend a Personal Durable Commodities Loan.
OK, what does that entail?
It's not too much trouble to do it this way and remember, your certificate is due in 2 months. If you can hold on to it, it'll be much better for your finances.
Yes, it does seem a little silly to cash it now. I'll probably need about 25,000 RIB. Will that be a problem?
Not at all, Mr Zu. As the certificate is due in 2 months, you can get the loan on mortgage of that certificate.
I'm glad you thought of this. I'd have just gone ahead and cashed it?! And I suppose I can use the money from the certificate to pay back this Personal Durable Commodities Loan and I won't lose any interest, right?
Exactly right. If you'd like to go ahead, I can process that for you now, Mr Zu.
Absolutely, Jenny. Thanks very much, I think you've saved me quite a lot of money today.

My aunt told me one of her secrets--cellophane tape. I just got it at the special health store. It's for my flabby arms.
Let me know how it works. I have to say, I have had enough of this roller coaster.
I know what you mean. I'm like a yo-yo. Last week I was down to 60 kilos. This week I had one donut more. Now I'm up to 62 kilos.

May I have a menu, please?
Of course. Could you tell me how this thing is cooked? Lobster?
It is steamed and served with our special sauce.
Is it good?
Sure. It is a most popular dish.
I think I will try some lobster, and give me some green salad together.

Can’t you come in and have tea now, Peter?
Not yet, I must water the garden first.
Do you have to water it now?
I’m afraid I must. Look at it?! It’s terribly dry.
What a nuisance?! Last summer it was very dry, too. Don’t you remember? I had to water it every day.
Well, I’ll have tea by myself.
That was quick?! Have you finished already? Yes, Look out of the window. It’s raining.
That means you needn’t water the garden.
That was a pleasant surprise. It means I can have tea, instead.

I'm broke, and I have to catch another bus.
Why don't you have any money for another bus?
I got hungry and bought some chips.
That was smart.
Anyway, do you have any change I can use for the bus?
I don't have any.
I don't know how I'm going to get home.
Get a transfer from the bus driver.
How much is a transfer?
It doesn't cost anything.
That's great?! Thanks for your help.
You know what? Don't mention it.

Hello, Anna. Come in and sit down.
Hello, doctor.
What's the matter? I've got a backache.
Do you often suffer from backache?
No, I don't. I've never had a bad one before. When did it start?
About four days ago.
Well, go home and rest in bed for two days, then you'll feel better. Can you give me some medicine? It's very painful.
Yes, I'll give you some pills. Take one a time and three times a day, and come back in three days. If you don't feel...

Welcome on board. May I see your boarding pass?
Here you are. Your seat is three, in the third row, near the window.
Thank you. Where can I put my suitcase?
Either in the overhead compartment or underneath the seat.
Everyone's attention, please. We are going to take off. Please fasten your belts.

Hello, madam. How do you like your staying here?
Quite good. Excuse me, are there any places of interest?
Yes, there are so many near our hoteI. Three blocks away from here, there is temple. It's famous for its building and paintings. lt' s worth visiting.
Thank you. I think today we will go there.

You're here to make a deposit, is that correct?
Right. I'd like to deposit 2,000 RIB into my Current Account.
No problem. Could I have the cash and your Bank Book, please?
Oh dear... there seems to be some problems here... What? What's wrong?
I'm sorry but 5 of these notes seem to be counterfeit. Look at this watermark, do you see it?
It does look a little strange, I didn't notice that before.

Hello, sir. Is there anything I can help you find?
Um... Uh... I'm just looking, thanks.
Need a gift for your girlfriend or wife...
No, no, no. I'm just browsing. Thanks anyway.
Well, if you need anything, just ask. Um... well, where's the men's shoe department?
It's on the third floor. Turn left when you get off the escalator.
Thanks.

An idea about killing time on a train?
I advise you to read Playboy.You can get a lot from it.
But there's quite a lot of rumors about it.
That's why it's interesting.

Have you brought the receipt with you?
No, I don't. I left it home.
Sorry, but we can't do anything without the receipt. Come back with it.
I didn't know. I'll go to get it. How late will you be open?
Till 5:30.

I haven't told you what happened yet, have I?
I haven't heard anything.
My boss offered me a promotion, and I took it.
Are you serious?
Yes, I am really excited.
That's great. Congratulations?!
Thank you.
Actually, I could not believe it at first. You know, there're so many outstanding people in our company. Many of them are qualified to fill that position.
Sure, but you really did great and outperformed the others. You deserved it?!
Thank you very much.

I like Chinese food.
I like Chinese food, too. I like dumplings best. At school, we sometimes have Chinese food for lunch.
That's good. We eat Chinese food only at the Chinese restaurant.
My mother can make some Chinese food.
Really? That's wonderful?!

OK. Come back into the classroom, class.
Does the class start again, Mam?
Yes, but to the heath, this break has last long enough.
Oh, breaktime flies. come on, baby. It’s time now.
Mam, another minute, could I?
Hurry up, little boy.

What's the actual flight time from here to San Francisco?
It's about twelve hours.
Can you tell me what time we're arriving?
Sure. Let me see... at 6:15 a. m. local time.
I see. And that'll be 10:15 p. m. Beijing time.

Excuse me, but I'm not feeling too well. I think I'm going to throw up.
There's an airsickness bag behind the seat that's in front of you.
I must've missed it. Is this your first time flying?
Yes. I'm going to San Francisco.
Oh, it's a beautiful city. I think you'll like it.
Hey, I'm feeling much better already.
Sometimes if you don't think about it, that sick feeling will go away on its own.
Thanks.
By the way, my name is Mary.
I'm Frank. Nice to meet you.

Welcome to Al's Bakery. What can I get you?
Hi?! Let me get a dozen croissants, four blueberry muffins and a loaf of sourdough bread.
Sure. Would you like to have the loaf sliced?
No, that's OK. Do you have any whole wheat bread?
We are out at the moment. May I suggest some rye bread?
Sure that sounds good. Do you have any cakes?
We have various birthday cakes and also ice cream cakes.
I'll just take a cheesecake.
Will that be all?
Yes.
Your total is forty three dollars and twenty cents.
You got it.

Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, we are happy you have all come out for our training workshop. Today we have a great line-up of speakers to talk to you. First on our program is a well-renown expert in the field of international economic development, Harvard's own Dr. James Smith. Dr. Smith has been involved in economic research for over twenty years, and has taught at Harvard since 1995. And now, without further adieu, we'd like to welcome Mr. James Smith.
Thank you, Mr. Jackson, ladies and gentlemen, colleagues, friends. The subject of my talk is international relations in a morgen world. I plan to say a few words about the current situation in the Middle East and how it affects world economy. I'd like to give you an overview of the way that the economies of seemingly unrelated countries are intertwined. I've divided my talk into three parts, first an overview of international relations, second a discussion of current political situations, and lastly trends for the future. My presentation will take about two hours, but there will be a twenty-minute break in the middle. We'll stop for lunch at 12.

You're looking rather pale, why?
I couldn't sleep well recently.
You'd get plenty of sleep for you work so hard.
I always drink too much wine in the evening.
You shan't drink more wine in the evening.
Yes, you are right.
And you'd take some exercise every day.
Many thanks for your advice.

Hello Mrs Parker, how have you been?
Hello Dr Peters. Just fine thank you. Ricky and I are here for his vaccines.
Very well. Let's see, according to his vaccination record, Ricky has received his Polio, Tetanus and Hepatitis B shots. He is 14 months old, so he is due for Hepatitis A, Chickenpox and Measles shots.
What about Rubella and Mumps?
Well, I can only give him these for now, and after a couple of weeks I can administer the rest.
OK, great. Doctor, I think I also may need a Tetanus booster. Last time I got it was maybe fifteen years ago?!
We will check our records and I'll have the nurse administer and the booster as well. Now, please hold Ricky's arm tight, this may sting a little.

I’m interested in teaching at your school.
Great. Are you a qualified teacher?
Yes.
What kind of teaching certificate do you have?
I have a TEFL certificate.
How many years of experience do you have?
I have three years of teaching ESL and four years of teaching per-school children.
When did you get your TEFL certificate?
I got my TEFL certificate three years ago.
Why do you want to teach at our school?
Well, I’Ve heard many good things about it. I also like teaching young children.
That’s great. Can you speak Chinese?
Yes, just a little.
Can you come in for an interview tomorrow at 10:00?
I sure can.
Great. See you then.

Why is the car before us stopping?
What's going on? Look. Two cars are standing right in the middle of the road and the drivers are shouting rude words to each other.
That's why that car stops.
More and more people easily get irritated while driving.
Yes. This is what is called road rage.

This is today’s schedule. At 8 thirty AM, conference with the department managers. At 9 o’clock, live for the workshop where you’ll award prizes to the staff for preventatives.
That’s great. What are the prizes?
3000 RIB as bonus for each person. To encourage the staff increases.
Ok. Next thing is laying the corner-stone for the new plant at 10 AM. At 12 AM, back here for lunch. What about the afternoon? At 2 PM, give a presentation here with the press. At four o’clock sharp, have dinner with Mr. Smith, manager of NCC.

This is Lincoln Bank, Consumer Credit Department. How can I help you?
Ah, hello. I'm calling to find out how I apply for a car loan.
We offer a Personal Automobile Consumer Loan. The application process is pretty straight forward. I trust you have enough funds to cover the 20 % down payment?
Yes, I do. It's ready and waiting in my account.
The next step is for us to recommend a dealer to you, who are already contracted to us, so...
Could I just stop you there? Sorry to interrupt, but I have already been to your appointed dealer and selected the car I want.
That will certainly cut down the processing time. We can move on to the next step. Do you have the purchase price?
Yes, it's 110,000 RIB. So, with the down payment done, I will need to borrow 70,000 RIB.
What we need you to do next is to come into the branch with a correctly filled in application form, ID card, proof of residency, proof of income, the agreement from the agent and of course the 20 % down payment.
Yes, I have everything here.
OK, I'll come in and see you later today. Maybe I could have my new car as early as next week?! How exciting?!

Hi, my name is Tom.
Tom, the new sales representative? Nice to meet you?! I'm Melinda.
Nice to meet you too.Melinda. Now let me show you around. This is our reception area, and our conference room is right over there. Over here is the sales department.
Really? This is a nice office, but it's quite small.
Yeah... You can make photocopies and send faxes over there.
It looks like you guys work hard.
I tell you what just between you and me, we just mess things up so that it looks like we work hard.Just kidding.
Oh, your cubicle is over the. And this way. Those are all private offices the managers offices.
Hmm... Tell me more details about our jobs.
Sure thing.

What do you think of our price? Your price has gone up sharply, hasn't it?
Yes. We regret we cannot maintain our original price. Since the prices of the raw materials have been raised, we have to adjust the price of our products accordingly.
I agree with you there, but your price is unreasonable.
I don't think so. You must compare our price with that of other export houses. I'm sure our offer is in line with the prevailing market price level.
I don't think we'll be able to pay the price.
To have this business concluded, you need to lower your price at least by 3 %.
I’m afraid that there is no room for any reduction in price.
Don't you agree with me that in the long run, moderate prices will bring about large sales and more profit?
We've already cut down our price to cost level.
Is that all?
Yes, this is the best we can do.
I'm sorry we can't handle the price you offered.

So, Jimmy, how does it feel to have your own money?
It’s great, dad. I don’t mind delivering papers, but the real fun is collecting the money.
Even though you are only twelve, it’s not too early to start saving a little money.
I’Ve never had a bank account before. Why don’t I just keep my money under the matters like grandpa does?
You know you would spend it. And also, money in the bank earns interest.
But what if I need my money suddenly?
The bank will give you a PIN, and you can withdraw money from any ATM.
Great?! So it’s almost the same as keeping it under the matters?!
Not quite. You have to maintain a minimum balance of twenty dollars. And sometimes the bank has service charges. But you don’t have to worry about that yet. Let’s go make your first depot OK.
Guess I have to do that before. I can make money my first withdrawal.

Is this where I can catch a bus to the theater?
Yes, but you can't get there with out a change.
Which bus do I have to change?
You have to get off at the hospital and change for bus 15.
I see. Thank you.

Here we are, Joan. This is the Palace museum, also known as the Forbidden city.
Oh, how splendid?! Can you take a picture of me here?
Sure.

Excuse me. I'm afraid I got lost. Where am I on this map?
We are here, bus station, we are in the heart of the city.
Oh?! Can I go from here to the Zhongshan Park?
Head straight up the street about two blocks then turn right.

Tony, could you tell me if there are any special rules about the job?
Working hours are from 8: 30 a. m. to 5:00 p. m. Be sure not to be late or absent. Report to the manager by filling in the' Monthly Report' every month.
Is there anything else? How about my salary?
Our company has a strict and reasonable salary standard. On the 20th day of every month, you can get your salary on time. Benefits depend upon the length of service and the employee's past attendance record.
Wow, thank you for telling me these. Do you mind telling me something else, like attendance record, holiday, and how to ask for leave?
All new members are likely to ask the same questions. Haha.
I can understand that. Every month you have three days off, besides the weekends and some important holidays. After you've been here for a year, you qualify for a one-week vacation. The leave less than a half-day should predict for an hour, and more than a half-day should predict three days.
Okay, that's good. I get it.

Kate, you never believe what's happened.
What do you mean?
Masha and Hero are getting divorced.
You are kidding. What happened?
Well, I don't really know, but I heard that they are having a separation for 2 months, and filed for divorce.
That's really surprising. I always thought they are well matched.
What about the kids? Who get custody?
Masha, it seems quiet and makable, no quarrelling about who get the house and stock and then contesting the divorce with other details worked out.
That's the change from all the back stepping we usually hear about.
Well, I still can't believe it, Masha and Hero, the perfect couple.
When would they divorce be final?
Early in the New Year I guess.

Overseas operator. I would like to make a collect call to Taipei, Taiwan, please.
Your name, please.
Tim Chen.
What's the number, please.
The area code is 2, and the number is 2367-9960.
The line is connected. Please go ahead.

Hello. Excuse me.
Yes. Can I help you? Do you remember me? I just had lunch here a half hour ago.
Of course I remember you.
I think I lost my wallet here.
Oh, no. Really? I didn't see anything.
Really? You didn't find a wallet?
No, I didn't.
Would you like to go look by the table with me?
Yes, I would.
It's not here. And it's not on the floor.Has anyone sat at this table since we left?
No. It's been empty the whole time.
Hmm. I don't know how it could have happened.
I remember, sir, that your friend took the bill.You didn't pay for the lunch yourself, did you?
No. My friend did.
Then are you sure you took your wallet out of your pocket while you were here?
No, I'm not sure. But I usually take out my wallet when I sit down.It' s uncomfortable to sit on it. So I usually put it next to me on the table.
Maybe you lost it before you came here. Or maybe you left it at home.
I don't think it's at home. I think I had it when I left the house.But what should I do?
Well, the first thing you should do is make sure it's not at home.Then, if it isn't, you need to call your credit card companies and cancel your cards. Next, you need to replace whatever you lost, your driver's license, things like that.
Should I call the police?
You can if you want. But the police usually don't do anything about lost wallets.
Hmm. I'll go home and check. Maybe you're right. Maybe it's at home.
I'm sorry we couldn't find it, sir.
Thanks for your help.

Good morning, young lady. You can call me Ma. Do you see anything you like?
Yes. Many things?! I especially love this beautiful quilt.
That quilt was passed down to me from my ma in Holland.
It sounds like a special quilt. Why do you want to sell it?
Well, this home is too big for me now, so I'm moving to an apartment that is much smaller. Therefore, I need to part with a few things.
Oh, I see. Umm, how much do you want for the quilt?
Is fifteen dollars OK?

Have you got change for a thousand?
Let me see.

May I come in, Mr Sun?
I’d rather you didn’t, Miss Yang. I’m very busy now.
Can I try later then?
Yes, of course.
Is it all right for me to come in now, Mr Sun?
Well, uh... I’m still pretty busy, but... all right. Come in.
What can I do for you?
Do you mind if I sit down?
Not at all. Take a seat. Now what can I do for you?
I want to leave the department. Do you think I could put info a transfer?
Yes.
But why should you want to do that?
Do you mind if I speak frankly?
Not at all. Go ahead.
Well. You see, I don’t like the office. I don’t like the staff. And I’m afraid of you. And I don’t want to go one. So may I put info a transfer?
Yes. I’d be delighted if you did.

Where is that? Take me to the airport, please.
Are you in a hurry?
I have to be there before 17 o'clock.
We'll make it except a jam. You know it's rush hour.
There's an extra ten in it for you if you can get me there on time.
I'll do my best.
Here's twenty dollars. Do you have small bills?
No. If you can't break it, keep the change. But can you give me a receipt?
Here is your receipt.
Thank you.

Recently I have been getting headache and my eyes don't seems to see focus properly.
When did you last time have your eyes checked?
Two years ago. At that time I had no problems.Now I can’t even make out something ten meters away.
Come over here. I will test your eyes. First cover your left eye like this, and when I point, please read the chart from the top, and go as far as you can, telling me which way the “ E ” points.
All right. Good.Now the other eye. Well, this one is worse.
Never mind, just read as far as you can.
I can only read the first three lines.

Is there a car park near the supermarket?
Yes, there is an underground car park near the supermarket.
I see. Thanks.

Oh, come on, Ultraman?! What's up, Bro? What's in the bulletin?
It says that there will be a blackout from 5 p. m. to 7 p. m. in our neighborhood today.
Blackout? Even the TV has the limit. Don't you know you will look like a monster in the blackout?
Oops, no, Daddy can't watch American Idol, either?! That's not the point.
Come on, can you imagine that there will be no electricity on such a hot day? Oh, my god?! No air-conditioner?!
OK, since you are the smart one, can you come up with a better plan? So that we won't be baked like cookies here.
How about playing Barbie out there in the neighborhood?
Barbie? You know, I might be seven, but I'm not a girl.
Do you have a better plan?
All right, all right.

Yes, ma'am, how could I help you?
I am wondering if you do facial care?
Yes, we do.
How much would it be?
From 200 to 800.
I'm afraid 800 is too expensive for me. Could you recommend something around 300?
No problem.

Can I help you, Miss?
I would like to order 2 office-style cabinets and desk calendars. We want office-style cabinets in white. The catalogue number is 90-f-2356.
How soon do you want it?
Could you deliver it tomorrow?
No problem. Please handle the items carefully.
Certainly.
We will pay by collect on delivery.

I hate to do this to you, Alice, but I’m going to have to ask you to put in some more overtime.
Does it have to be this afternoon, Mr. Fairbanks? I’Ve already made plans.
Well, I would have preferred to do it today, but if you’Ve already made plans, we can do it tomorrow.
I’d appreciate that, sir. How long do you think you’ll need me to stay?

What’s your attitude when do wrong things at work?
The buck stops here.

Hello?! Is your company advertising for administrative assistant on the newspapers?
Well, Administrative assistant with shorthand and typing skills are badly needed here.
First I want to check about the availability and see if you could give me more information.
The position calls for a person with some working experience. We must be able to benefit from your analytical and interpersonal skills. Can you deliver your resume to us first?
Of course. I will deliver my resume to you in minutes' time. I hope you will consider my application and I shall appreciate a reply at your earliest convenience.
OK. I will call you soon. Bye now.
Bye.

Just as the saying goes, every potter praises his own pot. You should pay special attention to selling yourself properly in the interview. It is especially important for the graduates who step into the job market for the first time. You'd better prepare what you are going to say in advance, in order to have a good performance in the interview. The contents should be mainly descriptions of your background. And the length depends on the particular situation. Only when you are aware of what the interviewer will be interested in, can you make a targeted preparation. To sell yourself successfully, you should leave the interviewer a deep impression. Selling yourself should go straight to the point, and the statement should be clear and brief. It should also be truthful and realistic. Do not blindly blow your own horn. You should particularly state your strong points which are closely related to the position you are applying for. While you should not omit your weak points, they need to be described appropriately Time permitted, you could add certain examples to your description. Besides, in the interview, it is best that you make corresponding adjustments to apply your prepared contents flexibly.

Hello?
Hi, Deborah?! This is John. I'm calling from Australia.
What are you doing in Australia?
I'm attending a conference in Sydney this week. Remember?
Oh, right. What time is it there?
It's 10:00 P. M. And it's four o'clock in Los Angeles, right?
Yes - four o'clock in the morning.
4:00 A. M.? I'm really sorry.
That's OK. I'm awake now.

John hasn't turned up and Stefan is ill. Do we have anyone on stand-by?
I'm afraid not, we're very short-staffed at the moment.
Can you ask the shift supervisor to ask one of his team to do some overtime?
Perhaps Tommy can stand in for an hour or two until we find a replacement.

Jack, let’s go?! Oh, you are out of breath?! What happened?
Some people are wildly shooting on the next street. We must leave here as soon as possible?!
Take it easy. They will get caught.

Hello. May I speak to Jerry, please?
Sorry, but he is out for lunch right now.
I see. Can you give me some idea how long he'll be back?
I think he will be back around 2:00. If you like, please leave your name and phone number, I'll have him call you as soon as he comes back.
That's nice. My name is Steven, my phone number is 6789777.
Okay, I'll be waiting for his call. Thank you and bye?!
My pleasure, bye?!

Excuse me, Miss. What can I do for you?
I've just heard an announcement that my flight has been delayed.
What's your flight number?
Flight CA216 to Chengdu.
Yes, it's true. It has been delayed.
Could you please tell me why?
Yes, of course. The delay is due to heavy rain.
How long will the delay be? Do you have any further information about it?
I am sorry, we don't know the extent of the delay at present. But according to the latest weather forecast, there will be a change in weather soon. We have to wait.
Well, is it possible for the rain to stop before noon?
It's hard to say. Weather is so changeable in the summer. Please listen to the latest announcement about your flight.
Yes, I will. Thanks a lot. Bye?!
Bye

What are we going to do? I can't get the car out of this ditch. I'm stuck?!
I'm worried, Tom. I haven't seen any other cars for almost an hour.
I know. This is terrible. What can we do? This snow doesn't stop falling?!
I told you we should have stayed in town today.The weather report said 100 percent chance of snow.Why did you want to come up here?
I wanted to show you the cabin. We only had another half-hour to go.
Well, now we're stuck. What can we do?
I don't know. I've heard that when this happens, it's important to save energy.
What do you mean? We're stranded here, Tom. We may be here a long time.We need to conserve the gas in the car. The car's energy is what will keep us warm.
I have plenty of gas.
Yes, but the gas and the battery both have to stay working.We can't just let the car run and run.If we do, it will die soon. Then we'll freeze.
So what can we do?
Turn the lights off.Then, run the car and the heater only about fifteen minutes every hour.That will conserve the heat as long as possible.
Alright. That's a good idea. I wish we hadn't come up here. Now we'll probably be here for days.
Days?
Yes, it happens.That is what happens in big snowstorms. People get stranded for days.
Oh, my God?! It's good we have food. Probably we'll survive.But turn the car off for about forty-five minutes. Then we'll turn it on again.

Hey, buddy, can’t you see there’s a line?
Oh, sorry. I didn’t know.
What? You haven’t taken the bus before?
No, I’m afraid not.
Well, you have to wait in line like everyone else. Besides, you should let old people on first.
Sorry.
It’s all right. Where are you going?
I wanted to see the White House.
Oh, well you don’t want this bus, anyway. It goes to Georgetown.
Oh, no. It’s all right, though. Just get off at the next stop and catch the 79A.
Oh, well thank you very much.
You’re welcome.

Can I help you?
I'd like the double cheese burger meal, please.
What kind of drink would you like with that?
Just coke will be fine.
Would you like a super size meal? Only 2 RIB more, you'll get large coke and fries instead of medium. And today we are offering free toys all the meal boxes.
That sounds good, thanks, I'd like that. Actually I'd like sprite instead of coke, thanks.
That's not a problem, Miss. Will that be it?
Yes, that's all. That will be 25RMB, please
You got it.

Do you have any night tours?
Yes, we will depart in 10 minutes.
Is that a guided tour?
Yes, it is.
That's fine. Let's get on the bus.

I am sure we will make it up as soon as possible.
That's nice. We hope this matter will not affect our good relations in our future dealings.
Of course not. We have cooperated for a long time.

I would like to purchase some meat.
What kind of meat would you like to get today?
First off, I'm going to need a pound of ground beef.
A pound of ground beef is $ 2.48.
That's perfect. What else will you be needing?
I'm also going to need three pounds of chicken breasts.
The chicken breasts cost $ 4.05 per pound. What's the total price for the chicken?
It's going to be $ 12.15.
Okay, I think that will be all for me today.

I think you know already that I want to discuss the represent - ton for your alarm clocks.
Yes, Mr. Bergeron. You mentioned that in your letter.
To tell you the truth, your proposal surprised us.
Is that so?
Anyhow I want to go over the details with you in person, so you can give my suggestion thorough consideration.
Our firm specializes in this line of business. We have six sales representatives, who are on the road all the time, covering the whole of the European market.
Do you sell direct to shops?
Yes, we specialize in handling clocks and watches of all sorts. We have well established channels of distribution and we canvass the retailers direct, without any middlemen.
Do you keep a stock of these things?
In some cases, such as the wristwatches, which always have a steady market, we keep a stock in London and act as distributors as well as agents. Generally, however, we pass on the orders of our clients to the manufacturers for supply. We are paid for our service, of course.
That is, your commission.
Yes, our commission is very reasonable. We usually get a 10 % commission of the amount on every deal. Our agents in other areas usually get a 3-5 % commission. The European market is not familiar with your products. You have competitors from Japan and other continental countries. At the beginning of our campaign, there is sales resistance to overcome, we must send out salesmen to do a lot of traveling and spend a considerable amount of money on advertising in news - papers and TV programs. A 10 % commission will not leave us much.
According to your estimate, what is the maximum annual turn - over you can fulfill, in round figures, of course?
We will always do our utmost to enlarge the business, as our remuneration increases with the turnover, but we will not guar - ante anything, at least not to begin with.
We appreciate very much your intention to push the sale of our products. But our suggestion to you, Mr. Bergeron, as a preliminary step, is to do a little research into the market...
Do you mean to say you refuse us the agency?
Mr. Bergeron, you leave us no alternative. We can not give you an exclusive agency of the whole European market without having the slightest idea of your possible annual marketing turnover. Besides our price is worked out according to the costing. A 10 % commission means an increase in our price. We must have the reaction of the buyers in this respect.
Oh, that's just too bad. I intended to make great efforts in selling your products.
Well, we can still carry on our business relationship without the agreement. To start the ball rolling, we will provide you with price lists, catalogues and some samples. Only when you have a thorough knowledge of the marketing possibilities of our products, can we then discuss further details.
Ah, Mrs. Miller, but in this case am I covered?
Oh, yes. We will give you a 5 % commission on every transaction.
All right, but I'll be back again for the Autumn Fair. And then I hope we can see eye to eye about our commission and the terms of the agency.
Very good. We will discuss the matter again at the next Fair.

Excuse me, I’m sorry to trouble you. My name is Susan Ransom, and I have placed several orders with you company.
Yes, Mr. Ransom? This is Karl Miller. How may I help you?
Well, I wonder if you could track an order I placed with you last month. It hasn’t arrived yet.
Certainly, Ms. Ransom. Do you have an order number?

Have you worked out the offers. Mr. Thou?
Yes, we have. Here's our CIF quotation sheet. Please have a careful look.
Are the prices on the list firm offers?
Yes. All the quotations on the list are subject to our final confirmation.
I wonder whether there are any changes in your prices.
All these products are our best-selling lines. The prices of our products will change according to that of the international market demand. And we are always open to negotiate, especially on larger orders.
What do you have in mind?
How long does your offer remain valid?
I need some time to get my supervisors on board with this plan.
I understand. Our offer remains open for 4 days.

Hello sir, may I help you?
Yeah, I accidentally dropped my phone in the toilet.
I see. Well, you have come to the right place. We have over one hundred models of more than twenty leading mobile phone manufacturers.
Sounds good. I don’t want it to be too expensive, maybe something mid-range.
We have this new ETC smart phone.It comes with the Android OS so you can download applications. It also has a built-in camera, mp3 player and touch screen. It works on the 3G network so you have fast access to the internet wherever you are.
What about Wi-fi?
Of course?! You can access the internet from any hotspot as well as from home.
One last thing. Is it waterproof?

We have been over this a hundred times?! We are not getting a pet?!
Why not? Come on?! Just a cute little puppy or a kitty?!
Who is going to look after a dog or a cat?
I will?! I’ll feed it, bathe it and walk it every day?! We can get a Labrador or a German Shepard?!
What if we want to take a vacation? Who will we leave it with? Plus, our apartment is too small for that breed of dog.
Ok. How about we get a cat or a ferret?
We’re planning on having children soon, I don’t think those animals are a good idea with a baby in the house.
Fine?! Let’s get a bird then?! We can keep it in its cage and teach it to talk?! A parrot would be awesome?!
I’ll tell you what, I can get you some hamsters and we’ll take it from there.
Yay?!

Good evening, Mr. Lee and thank you for choosing our airline. We have just discovered that this flight is overbooked. Would you like to volunteer to give up your seat?
Overbooked? Give up my seat? I don’t understand.
From time to time we have a situation in which there are more passengers than there are seats on the aircraft. That’s overbooked.
I know what overbooked is, I just don’t understand how that could happen?
Actually it’s a common practice to overbook, as passengers often don’t take their flight as scheduled. Most of the time there is no problem but today, more passengers arrived than we have seats,
So who has to stay behind?
Well, first we ask for volunteers. If someone like yourself volunteers, they receive a free round trip ticket to be used within one year. If no one volunteers we just have to select someone.
Ok. I’ll volunteer. I could use a free ticket?!

I want to rent this apartment.
I’m glad to hear that. How much are you asking?
You will have to pay $ 1050 every month.
I can’t afford that. What can you afford?
I was thinking $ 800 a month.
I’ll need you to pay more than that. How much more?
How does $ 900 every month sound to you?
I can live with that. We have a deal then.

Good morning, Miss Monica. Nice to meet you again?!
Good morning, Mr. Thomas, it is nice to see you too. After the internal discussion, we have all agreed that you are the most suitable person for this position among all the candidates. So, today let’s talk about your expected salary and social benefits. What is your expected salary?
I’Ve worked in the field for more than 4 years. Depend on my work qualifications and experience, I would like to have 5000 Yuan to start.
The basic salary for your position in our company would be 4800 Yuan to start with increases giving according to your performance.
It is a bit lower than I expected. But I can accept that.
What are the working hours?
40 hours a week, Monday to Friday, 9 AM to 5 PM with one hour lunch break every day..
Do I have to work on weekend? If so, how do you pay for the overtime?
We do expect overtime work when it is necessary, but we pay twice of the work hour for working on weekends and three times for working on national holidays like Spring Festival and the Mid-Autumn Day.
Is there probation?
No probation is involved. If you feel good, you can start next week.

Welcome to the McDonald's. What will it be for you, madam?
One Big Mac and French Fries.
Is there anything else?
Give me one coke, please.
Is this to go or to eat here?
To go, please.
That comes to four dollars and ten cents.
And can I have some ketchup, please?
It's on the service counter over there. Please go to help yourself.

What's the name of this street?
University Street.
Do you know of any banks near here?
You'll see one at the corner on your right.

Hey there, you look a little lost. Are you new here?
Yeah how’d you know?
You can always spot the newbies. I can give you a few pointers if you want. Were you trying to use this machine here?
Yeah?! I just started my training today and I’m not really sure where to begin.
It’s ok, I know how it is. This machine here will work out your upper body, mainly your triceps and biceps. Are you looking to develop strength or muscle tone and definition?
Well, I don’t want to be ripped like you?! I just want a good physique with weights and Carpio.
In that case you want to work with less weight. You can start off by working ten to fifteen reps in four sets. Five kilo weights should be enough. Now it’s very important that you stretch before pumping iron or you might pull a muscle.
Got it?!
Wow is that the weight you are lifting? My goodness that’s a lot of weight?!
It’s not that much. Just watch... I’m ok...

Excuse me.Could you tell me how to return to the Hilton Hotel? I am afraid I lost my way.
Do you have a hotel card or something? Let's see.Yes, I have the address and telephone number here.
Oh, you're staying at the downtown Hilton.Then, you go down two blocks this way and turn left.You' ll find it on the right.
Well, I don't understand it very well.Will you draw me a map?

Excuse me, but could you tell me the way to the railway station?
The railway station? Just go down this street and turn left at the second corner. The station is at the end of that street.
How long will it take me to get there?
It's about a ten-minute walk.
That's very clear. I think I can find my way now. Thank you.
Not at all.

How does the political system work in your country?
We have hundreds of constituencies and the voters in each one elect a member of parliament. Most people call them mp’s.
Each mp belongs to a political party, right?
Almost all of them do. A few are independent. That means that they do not belong to a party.
If one party more than half of the mp’s. they form a government. That means that they choose a prime Finist
What’s a cabinet?
This is a small group of people-perhaps 25 mp’s who are usually ministers. They make all the big decision and discuss laws and policy.
Can any mp make a law?
Any mp can present a law to parliament. The proposed law is debated and voted on. If it is accepted, it becomes law.
I suppose a proposed a law needs the support of the big political parties.
Yes, it does, because they have most of the mp’s. most mp’s vote the way their party wants them to.
How do people choose which party or candidate to vote for?
They produce manifesto. These documents which states their policies. Some people just vote for the same party every time there is an election. Voters who often change the party they vote for are Calle

How was your interview?
Pretty good. The HR manager asked me the usual questions. Then he wondered why I had decided to leave my previous job.
What did you say?
I told him that I hadn’t got a raise for three years. I also told him that one of my best co-workers quitted her job because she had not been promoted for eight years.
Did he want to know the reasons?
Yes. I told him that my boss made some excuses of the recession. But I thought he had a pattern and a record of promoting men only. That’s sex discrimination.
When will you get the reply?
In a couple of days, I was told.
Wish you good luck?!
Thank you.

What qualities do you think a senior executive should possess?
Generally speaking, he needs creativity, the ability to communicate, sense of personal responsibilities, the ability to solve problems and so on.
Do you have all these qualities?
Yes, I have all of them. I am totally competent to be a senior executive.

Hi. I need more amenities, please.
Could you be a little more specific, sir?
Well, to be more specific, the free stuff, like soap, lotion, and shampoo.
I understand. Now, you're saying that you've already used up all your amenities?
Oh, no?! I've got all I need for my stay here.
So, what's the problem?
I need souvenirs?!
You want some souvenirs?!
Yes, yes. Souvenirs.
But, sir, our souvenir shop carries all those items.
That's not the same thing. If you buy hotel souvenirs, they have no sentimental value.
I understand, sir. I'll call housekeeping. You'll have your souvenirs shortly.

Hello, may I help you?
Yes.We' re interested in seeing the rooms for rent.
Oh, how nice.They' re bright rooms and the house is very quiet.
A nice quiet house is exactly what we're looking for.
Well, gentleman.Each room is $ 40 a week if you think that's OK.
That sounds just wonderful to us. When do you want to move in?
How about this afternoon?
Fine. I'll be expecting you around two.

Are you ready to order? May I suggest a veal?
No, I'll have the fish please.
The chicken is also nice.
No, I want the fish.
Our special tonight is lobster.
Thank you, but I prefer the fish.
Perhaps you'd enjoy the lamb.
No, I like the fish.
What ever you say?

Am I ever hungry? When will supper be ready?
It's almost ready. Can you set the table?
All right. Want to taste this dish?
Yeah. Oh, it's delicious?! Really?
Definitely. It's a wonderful meal.
Thank you, Honey. If you like to help me do the dishes, I'll be more dreadful.
I wish I could, but I won't.

Good morning, Kate. Long time no see.
Good morning, Vera, Nice to meet you.
Kate, I know you’Ve been a stewardess for more than one year. And I’ll have an interview on stewardess tomorrow. Can you tell me some etiquette about the interview?
Of course. First you should do up your long hair and do make up but not too thick.
Is there anything else I should pay attention to?
Yes, when you attend the interview, you should pay attention to your manner, style of conversation and expression. You should keep smiling always, being polite when you talk with the interviewer. Don't move from time to time when you sit there. And you also should know how to use eye contact.
Thank you, I've learned so much from you.
That’s all right. Hope you can do better tomorrow.

Can you fix me a cup of tea, Johnny?
Well... uh... how about a glass of juice instead?
No. I'd like tea. Can you put it in my favorite cup? You probably washed it...
Oh, yeah. Well, uh, about your mug... I'll find it...
Where are all the floral pattern plates? And dad's Yankee's mug?

Good morning, sir. May I help you?
Yes, I'd like to settle my bill.
Certainly sir. May I have your room key, please?
Sure. Here you are.
Just a moment, please. I'll draw up your bill for you... Thank you for waiting, sir. Your bill totals two thousand six hundred and fifty-eight yuan, including the phone and laundry.
That much?! Would you mind letting me have a look at it?
Not at all, sir. Here you are.
Thanks. Well, It seems to be right. How much is that in dollars, please?
Just a moment, sir. I'll calculate that for you. It comes to 305 dollars and 52 cents at today's exchange rate.
I see. OK. How would you like to make the payment?
In cash, please.
Here you are.
Thank you, sir... Here is your change. Could you check it, please? Thank you for choosing our hotel. I hope you enjoyed your stay.
By the way, please forward my mail to this address.
Certainly, sir. We hope you have a good trip.

Hi, Sam. I want to buy a pet. Do you have any ideas?
You really should go to Rachel's pet store.
why? anything special there?
it's more than special. You can find as many kinds of animals as you can put a name to and more.
Oh, really? are there any snakes?
snakes? there are even rodents and monkeys?! it's a world of exotic pets.
that's terrific. I can't wait to check it out.
Hang on. are you sure you want to keep a non-traditional pet?
why not? it's so cool.
but it will pose a risk to your health.
pardon?
i mean, most reptiles carry some harmful bacteria. they are likely to cause immune system problems.
well, I didn't realize that. I don't believe it's a good choice to keep those pets, especially for families with young children.
oh, I should have thought of my brother's baby girl. Maybe I'll just have a dog instead of an exotic pet.
yes, good luck, Maria.

I’m a new student. My name’s Robert. Nice to meet you.
My name’s Sophie. Are you French?
Yes, I’m. Are you French, too?
No, I’m not. What nationality are you?
I’m Italian. Are you a teacher?
No, I’m not. What’s your job?
I’m a keyboard operator. What’s your job?
I’m an engineer.

I can’t believe Obama is our President.
I am proud to know that he is our President.
You voted for him, right?
Did you vote for him, because I know that I did.
I did, too. I have nothing but faith in Obama.
Really? I’m sure he will help better America.
We do need some change in this country.
Our country is already changing as it is.
You’re absolutely right. I trust that he will take good care of our country.

Do you have a reservation, sir?
No, I’m afraid we don’t.
I’m sorry the restaurant is full now. You have to wait for about half an hour. Would you like to have a drink at the lounge until there’s a table available.
No, thanks, I’ll come back later. May I reserve a table for two?
Yes, of course. May I have your name, sir?
Bruce
By the way, can we have a table by the window?
we’ll try to arrange it, but I can’t guarantee sir.
That’s fine.
your table's ready, sir? Please step this way.

Do you have coffee shops in China, too?
Yes, of course. There are many tea houses and bars in China, too. People can drink, eat and relax at these places.
You like to go to these places, don’t you?
Yes, sometimes the music there is so beautiful. It is very romantic. I can stay there for hours.
Do you often go there alone?
No, I often go there with my friends.

Hi there?! I am looking for a new car. I have this old Ford Pinto that I would like to trade in.
I see. You are in luck this month because all of our models are on sale?! it is a perfect time to buy a new car since it’s the end of the year.
Perfect?!
I like this one.
That is the Ford Focus. A very light but powerful vehicle. It comes with dual side airbags, power steering and power windows, tinted windows and your choice of either automatic or manual transmission.
Sounds like a good car?! How many miles to the gallon?
It is a very fuel efficient vehicle giving you about 34 miles in the city and 40 on the highway.
That is really convenient. Especially now that fuel prices are so high?!
What’s under the hood?
A very powerful 2.5- liter turbocharged engine, Trust me, this car is fast?!
Now for the most difficult question. What is the price tag for this lovely vehicle?
Very affordable mam. You can take it out of this lot today with 0 % down payment and no interest for the first year?! You can test drive it now and we can sign the papers when we get back.
Great?! Let’s do it?!

I wonder if you could help me, I'm looking for a room.
Well, I have got a vacancy.
What sort of price are you asking?
Eight dolls fifty a week excluding laundry.
Would it be convenient to see the room?
Can you call back later? We're right in the middle of lunch.

Could you give me an expense report? I would like to attach the invoices for my phone bill this season.
Here you are. Do you need glue?
That is very kind of you. I’m just running out of glue.
You’re welcome.

IBA, Jane speaking. How can I help you?
Hello. I'd like to speak to someone regarding my card.
Sorry, I'm not quite sure if I understand. In what way, Sir? Has your card been stolen?
No, no. Nothing at all like that. It's just that I applied for a credit card with you a while ago, my application was accepted, but I'm still waiting for my card.
Oh, I see, Sir. Well, it does take 5 working days to issue and post the card.
Yes, my application was accepted last Friday. Now it's Wednesday, that's more than 5 days.
Sorry, Sir, but it's 5 working days. This does not include weekends, so your card should be with you later this week.
Of course?! How silly of me?! Yes, 5 working days would mean this Friday, at the earliest.
I see. I'm sorry to trouble you.
It's no trouble at all, Sir. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nothing, thanks. I again apologise for the misunderstanding, bye for now.

What can I do for you, sir?
We'd like to order breakfast for tomorrow morning.
Yes, sir. What would you like?
Orange juice, scrambled eggs, bacon, toast and coffee.
OK, and when shall I bring it here?
About seven thirty.By the way, could you also bring me tomorrow's papers?
Of course, sir.

What shall we do when we find a shortage in the shipment?
You should do one of the two things - either to lodge a claim with the shipowner or with the insurance company.
Shall we leave it to the brokers?
Yes. They usually do it. Do they charge for that?
Of course. In Europe, they charge a commission of 1 % of the amount of the claim for their service.
Is it the same in America?
They do the work without charge to the importer. It's part of their service, isn't it?
Exactly. Is it enough to claim with an on board bill of lading?
No, you must also obtain a statement from the shipping agent certifying that the goods were actually loaded on their vessel for shipment.
I see. By the way, how do we prove the ownership of our goods?
You must provide full original set of ocean bills of lading original insurance policy or certificate and the original commercia invoice.
I see. Thank you.
You are welcome.

I'll be on business for a couple of days, could you take care of your sister?
OK, Mum, when will you be back?
I'll be back in ten days.

Passport, please, madam.
Just a minute, please. It's in my bag. Here it is.
Thank you. Please fill out the Baggage Declaration Form.
All right. Shall I enter all my belongings?
No, only the articles listed on the Declaration.

I’m hungry, let’s go grab a bite to eat.
Yeah me too.
Oh?! Can we stop at the shop really fast? I lost my makeup bag at the airport and I want to pick up a few things.
Will you take long?
No?! Five minutes I promise?!
Come on?! We have been here for almost an hour?! I thought you said you were only going to get a few things?! How long does it take you to pick out a lipstick and some nail polish?!
Are you crazy? You have no idea what you are talking about?! Just for my eyes I have to get eye-liner, an eyelash curler, eye shadow, an eyebrow pencil and mascara. Then I need to get foundation, liquid foundation.
Whoa whoa whoa?! Are you nuts? How much is all this going to cost? I’m looking at the price at each one of these little things and it’s outrageous?! This is basically a crayon?!
What about you? You spend as much or more money on your razors, after shave, cologne and gel?! Not to mention how much you spend on clothes and...
Fine?! Get the stupid thirty dollar crayon?!

Can I borrow five bucks?
No?!
Come on?! I'll pay you back on Tuesday.
Last time I lent you money, you never paid me back.
I promise if you lend me five dollars today, I will repay you in full next week.
Ok, but I'm taking your skateboard as collateral.
Fine?! I can't believe you don't trust me.
It's nothing personal, just business.

May I help you, sir?
Yes, please. I'm looking for a cotton polo shirt.
Any particular colour?
Not really. How about this one?
I like the design, but don't particularly care for the colour. Do you have that in other colours, too?
Well, they come in white, pale yellow, aqua, red and green. Will a white one do?
Yes. I prefer white - and may I see a pale yellow one, too?
Why, of course. Let's see... White... Pale yellow. Here you are, sir.

I’m so surprised to meet you in this remote village. Long time no see.
Yeah. How are you these days?

You look terrific and in good shape.
Thank you. How do you keep fit?
I do yoga twice a weeks
Yoga? It sounds interesting.
It was hard at the beginning, but now feel it's really relaxing. It makes me flexible.
Anything else?
Yes, I often go swimming. Are you interested in swimming?
Yes, I like it very much.

Are you going home now?
No, I'm not. What are you going to do? Are you going to work late?
No, I'm not. I'm going to look for an apartment.
An apartment? Why?
I'm going to try to find a place near the office.
Where are you living now?
Out in the suburbs. It's a long trip to work every day.
How are you going to find an apartment?
I'm going to buy a newspaper and check the classified ads.
Apartments in the city are expensive.
I know, but I'm going to enroll in a night school to take a course in business management.

no, no, you helped me with my computer last week. I want to repay the favor.
no, it's definitely my turn to treat you... you paid last time?!
oh, that was just a quick bite to eat---that doesn't count?!
ok, ok, how about we just go Dutch?
It's settled.
Listen, I'm still pretty new around here, would it be alright if you found the restaurant?
ok... sure.

I am waiting for a fax but just now I found there’s something wrong with the fax machine.
What’s wrong with the fax machine? Is it urgent?
Yes, very urgent. And there is no other fax machine around. And the office of our boss is closed, so I can not use his machine either. And his secretary is out. Do you have any suggestion?
Either call this extension number 0085 or ask them to send the fax to you as e-mail, you print it out.

Hey, Jim. It's time to wake up and get out of bed.
Do I have to get up now?
You'd better get up, or you'll be late.
What're you talking about? My alarm even hasn't gone off yet.
Yes, it did. It went off thirty minutes ago. You slept right through it. You're like a dead person while you sleep.
I must have slept right through it.
Rise and shine?! Sleepyhead?!
Just let me sleep five more minutes.
The early bird gets the worm.
I know, I know. But I don't want any worms. Ha?! Ha?!
If you don't make an effort now, later on it'll be a lot tougher for you.

What shall we do tonight?
How about the cinema?
That's a good idea. We haven't seen a film for ages. What would you like to see?
Oh I don't know. Titanic?
Titanic? That old film? but I've seen it before?!

I’Ve been told you might have a vacant room.
Yes. I have a spare room.
How much are you asking?
10.00 dollars a night.
Could I see the room, please?
Sure.Come on in.

Sit down, please. What's wrong with you?
I feel cold, and I'm shivering. I have a terrible headache and a sore throat.
How long have you been like that?
About a day.
Let me have a look at your throat first. Please open your mouth and say " ah ".
Ah... And show me your tongue... Thank you. That'll do. You have slight tonsillitis, and your throat is inflamed. How is your appetite?
Not so good. Now, let me take your temperature. Please put this thermometer under your armpit and let me feel your pulse? Your pulse is weak.
Do I have a temperature, doctor?
Yes, you have a high fever. I'd like to give you a blood test.

Yikes?! What was that noise?
I had to blow my nose.
Did you have to blow right next to the phone? Did you hear that?
Of course I heard that. I thought a plane had crashed into your house.
It wasn't that loud.
I will blow my nose sometime for you, and you'll see.
Okay. I'll take your word for it. I thought you had an elephant in your house.
You're funny.
What did you say? I think I've gone deaf.
I'm going into the bathroom to blow my nose. I'll be right back.

Can I have the check please?
Right away, sir.
Is this amount correct?
Yes, sir, it is.
Thank you, the service was good
Please come again.

Nowadays fewer and fewer people go to the movie theaters to see films. So I am afraid that the film studios are really getting hard time to survive.
What you said is true. But the film producers there are more flexible ways to get more audience. For example, to make more movie Ccds, so people will spend money buying them. But it is true that cinemas are losing the attraction they used to have in the past.
Yes. Take myself for example. I seldom go to cinemas, but it doesn't mean I no longer see films ; instead, I see films at home-watching Ccds.

Okay, well I’m sure you have a number of questions to ask me regarding the position.
Yes, well Miss Childs did give mean overview of the position over the phone, but there were some details I’d like to clarify.
Well feel free to ask me anything, and I’ll try to fill in the details. Could I first ask about the remuneration package?
Yes, of course. That’s quite an important point, isn’t it? As a junior sub editor we offer a starting salary of 150,000 HK dollars per annum. This doesn’t include a generous housing allowance also.
I understand. And are there other bonuses included?
Well, apart from full health insurance we do offer a company staff bonus scheme linked to readership numbers. But we could go through all the details of that at a later date.
Well, Mr. Parsons, I am flexible when it comes to salary. The opportunity to work in Hong Kong for you is the most important thing for me.
Excellent. Well, what other questions do you have Rebecca?

We need to take the accounts system offline to carry out the upgrade. But don't worry, it won't cause too much inconvenience. We're going to do it over the weekend.
How long will the system be down for?
We'll be taking everything offline in about two hours' time. It'll be down for a minimum of twelve hours. If everything goes according to plan, it should be up again by 6 pm on Saturday.
That's fine. We've allowed forty-eight hours to be on the safe side.

Welcome to IBA. Can I help you?
Yes, please. I'm here for an International Settlement. Our company has to effect payment, and it needs to be done today. Here's the advice slip for the payment.
Thanks. I'm sorry to say that you need to get this stamped. There is no stamp on this slip and it is essential before I can process it for you.
I see. So, I need to stamp it. And sign it too?
Yes, that's right. Down here, at the bottom right hand corner to show that you agree to pay the printed amount.
I'll go back to the office and get it sorted and pop back later.
Thanks, bye for now.

That's the warehouse where the large items of office equipment are stored. If I ordered a desk today, how would it be before I got delivery in Scotland?
Well, I think perhaps you'd better speak to our Production Manager, Mr. Yao. You'll meet him when we go over to the factory.

Excuse me. I have just missed the connection plane due to the heavy fog in London. Can I change my ticket now?
Please Show your ticket and passport.
Here you are.
Which flight do you want to change?
The next one to my destination. I have to be there as soon as possible.

Hi, can I speak with the apartment manager, please?
Hello, this is the apartment manager speaking.
I'm calling about the apartment for rent on Main Street.
Would you be interested in seeing the apartment?
I would love to see it.
Are you free today at around 6 p. m.?
Yes, I will be able to make it then.
Well, I'll see you at 6 p. m. Do you know how to get there?
I used to live in that area.
I'll give you an application form when I see you.
That sounds good. Do I need to bring anything?
No. Just bring yourself.

Good afternoon. Welcome to China. May I see your passport, customs and health declaration form?
Yes, here you are.
Thank you. W hat's your occupation, Mr. Smith?
I'm the general manager of the Far-East Industry Corporation. You are here on business, aren't you?
Yes, I have been invited by the East Import
I see. Do you have anything to declare?
Yes, I have some foreign currency to declare.
Would you please fill out this currency declaration form? It's a record of the foreign currency you have brought in.
All right.

How much does it cost for a bus pass?
It'll be $ 65 for a monthly pass.
Is there anything cheaper than that?
If you're in school, you can get a student pass.
Well, I am how much will that cost?
The pass is free.
I don't have to pay for anything?
You'll only have to pay for the monthly sticker.
How much is the monthly sticker?
It's $ 24 for each month.
I'll take the student bus pass.
Okay, I'll get you one.

I see there are some workmen on the site. When is the building work due to start?
Well, it'll take three weeks to demolish the old building and clear away the debris. We should be ready to start the construction work in week 23.
How long will the sub contractors be on site?
About ten weeks in total if everything goes according to plan.
I'm sure it will.
So, we should be able to start moving the machinery in during week 34.
I'll confirm that date with our suppliers.

Andrew's Hair Salon, this is Andrew.
Andrew, this is Linda Chen.
Hi Linda, what can I do for you?
I need to set up an appointment to get my hair fixed.
For what day?
Tuesday morning.

Have you bought a bus pass yet?
I'm not getting one.
Why is that?
It's cheaper if I don't buy one.
Buying a bus pass will save you money. How do you figure that?
There's no limit to how often you can use your bus pass.
Really? Plus, you don't have to use change for the bus anymore.
I like that.
You want to buy one now?
I'm going to.

Are you ready to order, sir?
Yes, I would like a roast duck and my friend wants steaks.
How do you like your steaks?
I'd like it medium-well.
OK, sir, wait a minute.

Hello, I want to know how much it costs to have a manicure and pedicure.
Usually it's 60 dollars for a manicure, and 80 dollars for a pedicure. But with this special discount, the total for both is only one hundred and 20 dollars, and you can get them painted.
That's nice. I'd like to give it a try. I think I like passion red. please.
Alright.Do you want your cuticles cut, too?
No. Would you like the shapes square or round?
Square. But with round at the edges, please.
All right, it's done. Please follow me to the drying section. How long will it take to get them dry?
Ten or about five minutes. You'll be all set.
I see, thank you.

Hello, this is Lucy. May I speak to Mr. Smith?
Oh, hello, Lucy. What's up?
I'm afraid I can't come to work today, Mr. Smith.
Oh, what's wrong with you?
I've got a fever and a very sore throat.
Well, you sound ill over the phone.
Yes. I have to stay in bed today, but I'll be able to come tomorrow.
That's all right. Have a good rest until you feel well enough.
Thank you, Mr. Smith. Goodbye.
Goodbye, Lucy.

Waiter, we have been waiting for 20 minutes. Would you mind hurrying?
I am sorry, sir, the fish you ordered will take a longer time because we make it with fresh fish.
That's fine. Would you please bring me some wine?
Sure, is dry white wine OK?
Yes.
Thank you.

Hi Bob, I won't be in work tomorrow.
Why, what's the problem?
I have a dentist appointment.
Okay.

I've come about your wools. According to our market survey, wools are likely to find a ready market in our country.
Wonderful?! We can meet your requirements and the offer is ready for you. Here it is. The unit price is USD 15.00 per kilogram.
Do you quote CIF or FOB?
It's FOB Shanghai. Could you quote the price of CIF Hamburg?
Certainly, that's easy. We will work out our CIF offer this evening. Could you come again tomorrow, say, at 10 AM?
Okay, see you tomorrow?!

Hi?! Do you want a fill-up?
Yes, please. Which type of gas do you want? Regular, Super, or Premium Unleaded?
What's the price difference?
Regular is $ 1.15, Super is $ 1.25 and Premium is $ 1.39.
Just fill it up with Regular, Unleaded, please. Do you want me to check the tires and the fluids?
Yes, I would. Thanks a lot.

Is your father in the habit of having naps?
Yes, all of us have naps.
Don't you feel dizzy when you have to get up?
No, not at all.

Excuse me. I need some storybooks in easy English. Do you have anything likethat?
Well, there are a lot of storybooks upstairs in our children's section. Some are written for young children, others for teens. Maybe some of them will suit your needs.
I'll go take a look. Thanks for your help.
You're welcome.

Good morning. I need to speak with the property manager, please.
Good morning. You are speaking to the property manager.
While it was raining last night, water started leaking in from the ceiling.
Was it leaking in the bedroom?
It was in the living room.
Can you tell me which floor you are on?
We are on the bottom floor.
I would like to look at the leak. Will you be home this morning?
Yes, someone will be here to let you in.
Just in case you have to leave, we will just use the master key.

How much is your last salary?
I have earned 10,000 a year including bonuses.
How much do you want us to pay you?
I like to be paid more than that. Hopefully, 150,000 a year.
To be honest, I left the company to get more income.

I hope you can help. I've got a bit of a problem with your ATM.
Of course, that's my job. Oh, dear. What's happened?
Well, it's eaten my card?! It won't give it back?!
I see... calm down, don't worry. May I ask what were you doing when it took your card?
Yes. I was only entering my PIN. I'm terrible at remembering it, I'm so forgetful, you see.
Mmmm... and exactly how many times did you enter it, please?
Maybe three times. As I said, I always forget it.
Ah?! Don't worry ; it's just a security measure. If someone uses a card and cannot get the right PIN after three attempts, the bank keeps the card in case it's stolen. Just contact the bank and we'll get it back to you.
Oh, I see. So if I call my branch they can sort everything out for me?
Yes, they'll be happy to help. Believe me, it happens to many people.
I'd better try harder to memorise my PIN in future. Thanks.

Is this the counter to pick up parcels?
Yes, it is. I want to pick up my parcels.
Please show me your parcel order.
OK. Here you are.
Let me check your parcel number. Song Ping's parcel number should be CP 06230221 5 CN.
Here is your parcel.
Thank you.
Not at all.

Hi Brittany. What are you doing with all of your clothes on your bed?
I'm trying to decide what to wear to school the first day.
Oh, A. Mom didn't tell you?
Didn't tell me what?
What? This Bs' school you're going to is going to make your life easy.
What are you talking about brother? Spill it.
Uniforms, sis, no more worrying about appearances?!
You mean I have to wear the same thing every day?
MOM?!

What would you like for your main dish?
Steak, please.
How would you like it?
Medium rare, please.
Anything else, sir? May I have a glass of red wine, please?
Of course.

Mr. Smith, do you like the hotel we booked?
Yes, we do. We like it very much.
I've come to make sure that your stay in Beijing is a pleasant one.
Thank you so much.

David, we have been doing business for three years, haven't we?
Yes, I'm glad we've had very pleasant cooperation in the previous years.
And your achievement for promoting our clothes was great in the three years. So, I wish to apply for the sole agency of your product in our local market. If you give us the agency, that will be more substantial for our cooperation.
To be frank, you are not the only one who applies for an agent for us in your country. I'd like to know some ideas of terms on which you would be willing to operate as our agent.
As we are a well-established company, we are very familiar with the customers' needs. Besides, we can make full use of our good connections with the wholesalers and retailers here and develop a good market for your products if appointed as your agent.
Sounds reasonable. I will tell my boss about you agent application. Another question, what do you think is the minimum annual sales you can guarantee?
To be on the safe side, and for garment of all materials, sizes, and styles, I think the amount will be 50,000 pieces a year.
Well. As our sole agency, you will neither handle the same or similar products of other origins nor re-export our goods to any other area outside your own.
No, certainly not.

Excuse me. I bought this circulator here yesterday but it doesn't work.
Oh, let's see what's wrong.

Where can I find the produce?
Aisle A is where you'll find all the produce.
What sales do they have today?
I'm sure something is on sale. Please check with the produce person.

Hello, this is Steven from Blue Sky Co. May I speak to Mr. James?
Speaking.
Excuse my troubling you. You purchased our products last year and now I am following up to find out about their workings. Are they still in good condition now?
Yeah, exactly?! I bought them last year. En... at present, they are still in good state.
That's it?! All of them have first-class quality and performance. Besides, we adopt advanced technology. Now we have developed new products. They are much better than what you have bought.
Your company is developing so fast. Maybe later on I will plan to buy more.
That's great?! Thanks for your support. If any, please remember to call us.
I am afraid I have to say goodbye now?!
Bye, Mr. James?!
Bye?!

Ms.Dawson, I need you to take a dictation for me.
Yes, sir... This should go out as an intra-office memorandum to all employees by this afternoon.Are you ready?
Yes, sir.Go ahead.
Attention all staff... Effective immediately, all office communications are restricted to email correspondence and official memos.The use of Instant Message programs by employees during working hours is strictly prohibited.
Sir, does this apply to intra-office communications only? Or will it also restrict external communications?
It should apply to all communications, not only in this office between employees, but also any outside communications.
But sir, many employees use Instant Messaging to communicate with their clients.
They will just have to change their communication methods. I don't want any - one using Instant Messaging in this office.It wastes too much time?! Now, please continue with the memo.Where were we?
This applies to internal and external communications.
Yes.Any employee who persists in using Instant Messaging will first receive a warning and be placed on probation.At second offense, the employee will face termination.Any questions regarding this new policy may be directed to department heads. Is that all?
Yes.Please get this memo typed up and distributed to all employees before 4 pm.

Do you have everything?
Let's see... my ID card, my passport, and my suitcase. I'm pretty sure I've got everything.

This is Dunlin. Is this Mrs Smith speaking?
Yes, what can I do for you?
I just want to call and say thank you for letting me interview yesterday.
You are welcome, Mr. Sun.
And I also want to know what the status is of the position.
Sorry, we haven't made the decision at all. But we should be making the decision by the end of this week. And we'll get in touch with you once we make it.
Do you have any questions we didn't cover in the interview?
No. Thank you, I am looking forward to hearing from you. Bye-bye.
Thank you for the calling. Bye-bye.

I often sneeze after having a bad itch inside my nose. Sometimes this is accompanied by an itching throat.
Any other discomfort?
Yes. Sometimes I can notice a constriction in the chest and shortness of breath after a fit of sneezing. And I often suffer from a running nose with a profuse watery discharge.
Does it occur seasonally or all year round?
It has been seasonal during these past three years.
Are you sensitive to other things?
Yes, things like seafood and penicillin-type drugs.
OK. Let me examine your nose. According to your case history and the examination, I believe that it's allergic rhinitis.
What useful treatment can you offer?
I'll give you a series of specific skin tests. Then we'll know exactly what substances you're allergic to. Then I'll give you some causes of desensitization therapy.

Miss, would you like to try this free sample of our new suntan cream?
Sure, why not?
This is a new product of company this year. It's oil-free.
I see. It feels very light on the skin.
It gives your skin a very natural healthy look. I like the cool smell, too.

So how can I make it?
First you make a list of what you wanna buy...
But I’Ve gotta have the budge before anything else.
Well, that’s a problem, isn’t it?

Did you have a part-time job when you were still in school?
No, I was way too busy studying all the time. How about you?
Yeah, I worked about twenty hours a week in a pizza restaurant.
What was that like?
It was always very busy there. What did you do?
I stood behind the register and took pizza orders.
Did you get any perks on the job?
Yeah, I got to eat as much pizza as I could for free.

Okay. I'd like to change some euro into US dollars, please.
Sure. How much would you like to change?
Six hundred euro.
Very good. May I see your passport?
Here you are.
How would you like your bills?
In fifties please.

Why are you reading the classifieds? What do you need?
I'm looking for a bookcase, but I don't want to buy a new one.
Are you having any luck?
Not really. There aren't any used bookcases listed. But there are a few rummage sales on Saturday. I think I'll go to them.
Do you mind if I go with you?
Not at all. These private sales are great places to bargain. And sometimes you can find terrific things among all the junk.
I learned to negotiate from my mother. I thought I was pretty good at bargaining, but I had a problem the other day at Kimble's Department Store.
What happened?
I wanted to buy a beautiful wool sweater for my girlfriend. It was priced at forty dollars, so I started by offering the salesclerk thirty.

Do you do a lot of your shopping online?
Not really. I like looking on the internet at what’s available, but I usually prefer to actually see and touch what I’m buying before I pay for it. Sometimes, I’ll look at something in a shop, but lat No. I’m a little worried about security. You never know who’s trying to find out your codes and passwords. Aren’t you worry about that?
Not really. I know that it happens, but if you buy from reputable companies with secure websites, you should be ok.
Even though I use online shopping facilities, I don’t think it’s the best way to sho
I’m surprised to hear you say that. I thought you loved anything technological.
I do. I’m a big fan of using new technology, but I don’t want to sit in front of a computer screen all day. I think people need to get out and interact with other people. So, how about coming to the department store with me? I want to see if there are any new summer clothes on sale yet.
Sure. I’d love to join you. Can we stop by the computer store? I just want to see if they have something.
Sure. While you’re in the computer store. I will visit the book store opposite. I like to browse through their books and see if they have anything interesting.
Ok. I’Ve finished online. Let’s go.
I’ll just get some money and my credit card.
Thanks for reminding me. I had forgotten to get mine.

Please help yourself at your dishes. I hope you’ll enjoy what you’Ve got.
It suits my taste. You are really a good cook.
Would you like to try my special recipe?
Wow, let me try. It tastes nice.
How did you make it?
It’s as easy as pie. I always follow recipes.

Mr. Dick. Does the recommendation of the university play an important role?
Yes. In fact, the recommendation letter written by the university is an indirect self-recommendation. In the long period of cooperation, the university has established good relationship with the companies or organizations, they trust each other well. If your university recommends you, you can be approved more easily.
But I find that most of the recommendation letters written by universities are the same. So I doubt its authority.
More and more persons have the same discoveries since most universities do that in order to save energy. If your university also does like this, you can look for other methods, because such kinds of recommendations say nothing for you. Could you tell me whether or not I send out my resume with it?
It depends. If it has something special or useful, I suggest you send it out.

Taylor, can you tell me how to apply for a job on the Internet?
Just fill out an application. Do I have to send an E-mail?
You are expected to know the E-mail address of the unit.
But I still don't know which unit is in need of staff. Send out an application through Job-wanted on the website.
Can any unit see my information?
It's a two-way choice. And your application will be read.
Which websites offer this service?
Sina, 21st Century Talent Net, and a few others.
Thank you.

Don’t throw your weight around. I can’t bear you any more.
I dare you to say that again.

Were you a leader when you were in college?
Yes. I was Propaganda department minister of our university.
Did you get any honors or awards at your university?
No. It’s a pity about it. Were you involved in any club activities at your university?
Yes. I was a member of the basketball Society. I like playing basketball.
What extracurricular activities did you usually take part in at your college?
I sometimes played basketball and sometimes played football.

You want to argue your ticket today?
Yes. That is why I'm here.
Tell me your argument.
I was pulled over for allegedly speeding.
Are you sure you weren't speeding?
To be honest, I really wasn't. What speed were you going?
I was under the speed limit. I was going 35, when the speed limit was 40.
I'm just going to let you go, since the arresting officer isn't here.
What about my ticket? Do I still need to pay?
Don't worry about it.
I'm so glad for your help.

Annie, do you like shopping online?
Yes, I like it, because it's convenient. Last week, I tried to buy a new cellphone online, but I didn't know how to pay for it.
First, you should open an account at the online bank. After that, you can buy anything you want online.
Are there many things online?
Sure. You can find everything all over the world. Let's check it out online?!
( They log in a shopping website. ) That's amazing. Oh, an on line virtual supermarket? Let's click to check it out. Oh, I got it. It simulates the real supermarket, which makes it feel so real.
Mom will love it. She loves shopping in supermarkets.

Ah, Bob. Just the person I wanted to see.
So what is it?
You gotta help me out this time, buddy.
Another tough thing, I guess.

Hey?! What happened??! My song was only half way through and it skipped to the next song.
I don't know what happened?! You cancelled the song, didn't you, Jack?
No, I didn't.
Really?! Then, is the machine broken or...

Good evening, Do you have a reservation?
Yes. The reservation under Mr. Watson.
Ah, yes, a table for four at 8 Em, no, thanks. I think we'll go straight to the table, By the way. may I check my overcoat here?
Certainly, sir. We'll keep it in the cloakroom for you. Here is your number. When you leave, show it to the waiter behind the counter, please.
Thank you. Could you show us to our table now? Would you please follow me, please?
Thank you. This is your table. It's Number 10.

Hello, ma’am. Can I help you? I’m looking for a sweater.
What size are you looking for?
Well, I’m looking for size 10 but you don’t have it.
How about this one? I think it looks terrific on you.
Yes, I like the color. Can I try it on?
Sure. The fitting room is on your right.
It fits well. I like it a lot. What do you think?
You look pretty in red.
Oh, it’s my favorite. How much is it?
$ 29.99.
Okay. I’ll take it. Thank you very much for your help.
You’re welcome.

Do you have any cars available?
We have only one mid-size car left.
Great, what's the rate per day?
It's 40 $ plus tax per day on limited mileage.
I'm going to need it for three days. Can I see your driver's license?
Sure, here is my driver's license.
Please sign here.

Are you ready to order? I think that we have a pretty good idea of what we would like to order.
Let me tell you about the specials of the day, which are chicken in a wine sauce with capers, and grilled garlic shrimp.
I was wondering if the chef could leave off the sauce.
The chef would be happy to accommodate your special requests.
I am a vegetarian. Do you have any vegetarian selections?
You could choose the roasted vegetable and garlic pizza or the goat cheese and candied walnut salad.
I think that we will split the roasted vegetable and garlic pizza.
That is a good selection, and I can bring your salads now or serve them with your entree.
You can bring us our salads when you bring us our entree.

I can't open this email attachment our Paris office has sent me. Are you sure you're using the right program?
Well, yes it's definitely the same program but I might have the wrong version. Their system is newer than ours.
That's why you can't open it. You'll have to upgrade before you can read the file.

What kind of character do you think you have?
Generally speaking, l am an open-minded person.
What is your strongest trait?
Cheerfulness and friendliness.
How would your friends or colleagues describe you?
They say Mr. Sun is a friendly, sensitive, caring and determined person.
What personality do you admire?
I admire a person who is honest, flexible and easy-going.
How do you get along with others?
I get on well with others.

Hi, I need to make an appointment to see the doctor.
What seems to be the problem?
I have a rash that I need a doctor to look at.
Do you have a fever with that rash?
No, it just itches a lot.
I have openings on Tuesday or Wednesday. Which would be best for you?
I need an appointment on Tuesday.
Fine, I am putting you down for 9
I would like to see Dr. Jones.
I can schedule you with him with no problem.
We look forward to seeing you.

Wow?! What's the hold up?
It’s probably just people trying to get an early start out of the city for the weekend. Nobody sticks around in the summer.
Really? Then, I guess I won’t have a hard time finding a room or getting a cab?
Actually, you might because there’s a big convention in town this weekend.
I’m not too worried about it. I always seem to find something.

Hello, how can I help you today?
I'd like to withdraw some money from my account.
Please fill out this slip stating how much you wish to withdraw.
Well, actually, it's quite a substantial amount. Here's my Bank Book. Will that cause a problem?
On your account there is no limit to over the counter withdrawals, it won't cause a problem.
Here's your money, 10,000 RIB. Please count it before you leave.
Yes, that seems to be all in order. Thanks very much.

Quality is very important to us. We work to very low tolerance levels. We need to have guaranteed supplies of consistently high quality raw materials. Over the years we've built up very good relationships with our suppliers.
Do you have many different suppliers?
Yes. There are about fifty names on our approved supplier list, but for raw materials we tend to deal with three local companies.

Mary, can you tell me how you keep in shape?
You'll never be in shape until you eat less and take more exercise. Now, tell me what you often eat.
I often eat fish and eggs. Do you eat a lot of vegetables?
Oh yes, and fruits. I love fruits very much.
What do you like to drink?
Well, I never drink alcohol, coffee or tea. Whatever would you like to drink?
I drink a lot of milk. I drink milk almost every day. How often do you exercise?
Well, I walk every day. It's a good diet and a regular exercise.
Yes, quite right.

I am sorry, but I cannot stay for the rest of class today.
Why do you need to leave early?
I don’t feel so good. What doesn’t feel right?
I feel as if I am going to be sick to my stomach.
Perhaps you should get checked out at the Student Health Center before you go home.
I have some medicine at home that I could take.
Are you going to be OK to drive home, or would you like someone to go with you?
Thank you, but my friend is in the library, and he can give me a ride home.
We hope that you are feeling better soon. E-mail me if you have any questions.

Your boyfriend is so considerate to you. When do you plan to marry?
It’s still up in the air. There is something wrong between us.

We're considering of ordering 200 computers, but I'm wondering about the price you'll possibly offer.
Our price will be not less than $ 5000.
Your price is higher than I expected. Could you give us a little discount?
This is already our best price. But the price is always negotiable and you should consider our quantity of order.
Well, what would you suggest? Could you make it $ 4500?
I'm afraid that there is no room to negotiate the price. This is the best price we can quote.
Can we meet each other half way?
What do you mean? Let's close the deal at $ 4800, OK?
You drive a hard bargain?! OK, that's a deal.

I'm now on the Songshan airport getting ready for departure. I realized that I might have left my watch.
Yes, Ma'am. May I have your name and room number?
My name is Terry. I stayed last night in your hotel in room 132. What kind of watch is it?
It's a brand-new Seiko wrist watch.
Yes, we have it.
Oh, I'm glad to hear that. Would you kindly send it to the Hilton Hotel?

What are your thoughts on the apartment?
I think that it’s absolutely gorgeous.
There aren’t any problems with the apartment?
I think that the apartment looks very nice, but I do see some problems.
What problems?
I did notice a few stains in the carpet.
We will have the carpet cleaned before you move in.
You will?
Yes, but other than that, are there any more problems?
That was the only thing that I saw that was wrong with the apartment.
I’m happy that you find this apartment so appealing.
It is. I love it.

That China-gown of Tang-Dynasty style is so beautiful. Would you show it to me, please?
Absolutely. Here it is.
Could I try it on?
Please do, the fitting-room is over there.
It feels a little tight around the waist. Do you have a bigger one?
I'm sorry. We don't have this color in your size. We have some green ones in your size. Would you please have a look at this green one?
OK. How much does it cost?
It's 486 yuan.
Mmm, it is reasonable.

Mrs. Wang, would you give us an idea of the price you regard as workable?
As I said before, your price is so high that we find it difficult to make a bid. We hope you will take the initiative and bridge the gap.
Just to comply, we're ready to reduce the price by 5 percent. I hope this concession of ours will get the ball rolling.
So do we. Certainly it's a step forward on your side. But the gap is still too wide.
The ball is in your court, Mrs.Wang. What price would you suggest?
To make your offer workable, I think you should take another step down as big as the one you've just taken.
That won't do. You see, our profit margin is very narrow. It simply can't stand such a big cut.
I hate to disappoint you, Mr. Brown, but if that's the case, we have no alternative but to cover our requirements elsewhere.
Do think it over, please. We sincerely hope our discussion will come to a successful conclusion.
Well, I'm not authorized to agree to such a big reduction. Would you mind waiting a day or two, until I get a reply from the home office?
Not at all. Shall we meet again, say, on Friday morning?
Good. Friday morning at 9.

Good morning. Good morning.This is Mary.Can I speak to Anne please?
I’m sorry She isn’t in at the moment. She will come back at half past nineCan I take a message for her?
Thank you.But I will call her later
OK.Goodbye.
Goodbye.

Hi, Jane. How are you doing this morning?
I’m all right, thanks. Just a little tired.
Late night?
Yeah, I got home around two.

We've been waiting here for nearly ten minutes now, and there still isn't a bus in sight. I'm afraid we'll be late for the party. Have you got the time, Tom?
Yes, my watch says a quarter to seven. but there is something wrong with my watch?!
But you bought it only last month.
Yes, but ever since I bought it, it gains about five minutes a day, so I' Ve got to have it repaired.
How long will it take us to get there?
I think about ten minutes by bus.
It's not far away, then. Let's walk, it's beginning to rain.
Wait?! I think I see a bus coming now.
Let's hope it's the No. 22 bus.

Hi, Mr. Smith. I'm Doctor Hawkins. Why are you here today?
I found it would be a good idea to get a check-up.
Yes, well, you haven't had one for 5 years. You should have one every year.
I know. I figure as long as there is nothing wrong, why go see the doctor?
Well, the best way to avoid serious illnesses is to find out about them early. So try to come at least once a year for your own good.
Ok. Let me see here. Your eyes and ears look fine. Take a deep breath, please. Do you smoke, Mr. Smith?
Yes.
Smoking is the leading cause of lung cancer and heart disease, you know. You really should quit.
I've tried hundreds of times, but I just can't seem to kick the habit.
Well, we have classes and some medications that might help. I'll give you more information before you leave.
Ok, thanks doctor.

Good afternoon. Mr. Tylor's office?
I'm afraid you've got the wrong extension.
I'm sorry, but could you please transfer this call to Mr. Tylor's office?
Sure, please hold on.
Thank you. Now Mr. Tylor's on the line. Go ahead, please.
You are so kind, you helped me a lot.
You are welcome. Bye?!

Good afternoon, Lexington Software. Angelina Dawson, how can I help?
Hello, this is Quinn from IBA.
Ah, hello Quinn. Oh dear, you are calling to tell me there is a problem, aren't you?
I'm afraid so, yes.
Hmm... well, it was my first attempt?! Is it a very big mistake, or can we just alter it?
Unfortunately it's rather a big mistake.
What do you recommend we do?
I would recommend we scrap this one and you bring in another set as soon as possible.
I trust your judgement. Thank you, Quinn. I'll be back tomorrow with a new set. Bye for now.

Oh?!?!?! I have a horrible toothache.
You should go to the dentist.
I hate dentists.
Well, suffer then. If you have a toothache, you have to go to the dentist. It always hurts.
I hate going.
Stop being such a baby. If it really hurts that much, just let them knock you out.
O. K., O. K., I’ll go.
Good. You'll feel better after you do.

Hi, I would like to purchase a one way ticket to Brussels, please.
Certainly sir, this is our train schedule. We have an express train departing every morning and an overnight train that departs at nine pm.
How long does it take to get there?
About twelve hours. We currently have tickets available only for first class on the express train. If you’d like, you can choose a sleeper on the overnight train which is a bit less expensive.
Yeah, I think that is the best option. Do you serve food on the train? Twelve hours is such a long time?!
Yes, of course. There is a dining car towards the front of the train where they serve meals at all times. We do provide complimentary water and coffee for all of our passengers.
Great?! I’ll take it. Here you are sir. Your train leaves from platform number nine at nine on the dot. Remember to be here at least thirty minutes before your scheduled departure time or else you might miss your train?!
I understand. Thank you very much?! Have a great trip.

I would like to take a trip to the beach this weekend.
A trip to the beach would be fun. How is the weather going to be?
The forecast says that it will be warm on the weekend.
So do you think it'll be perfect weather for the beach?
It sounds like it will be. I really hope it doesn't get cold. That would ruin things, I want to go so badly.
The weather in California is unpredictable, so you never know.
That is true. The weather is constantly changing. It would be nice if the weather would never change.
That would be great, then we could plan things sooner. True.
Predictable weather would make life easier.

Some companies use to ban dating among employees, but now they have realized it is something in avertable. People spend so much time at work. It is not surprising for one to have a crash on the other. If we think positively, office love can be beneficial to company.
Beneficial? I don’t think so. If two employees get married, they will leave at the same time for a honeymoon, or later one of them will stay at home taking care of babies. If they break up, the company will probably have to relocate one of them to make the workplace more comfortable. By any means, the company must spare extra efforts to solve problems brought by an office dating.
But if two employees are in love, they will be happy. Happy people are more productive. If they develop an intimate relation with each other, they are willing to share knowledge and experience. It can help to improve work efficiency.
I doubt that.

Do you eat a lot of healthy food?
Compared with healthy food, unhealthy food just tastes so much better. And anyway, I believe if you live a low stress Life and are active, you can get away with eating whatever you like. It's all in the mind.
You have the point. I think cancer is caused by more worry than by the things we consume. Some good things you should try are cranberry juice, wild rice and yoghurt.
What's special about these things?
Cranberry juice is very good for destroying harmful bacteria in your guts because it's very acidic. Wild rice is high in fibre so it's good for your guts and it's high in protein and minerals-I think it's also tastier than normal rice. Yoghurt's good because it's also rich in protein, vitamins and is also acidic. People have been making yoghurt for thousands of years and if you have it every day, your guts will be much more settled.
Thanks. I'm going to follow your advice and pop down to the supermarket right now.

I've been so tired recently. I've been trying, but I don't think I'm up to this job.
You need to take a break, maybe a vacation. Oh, yes, indeed. I've run out of steam.
To be honest, I want to be in a different environment.
Is that so?
Yes, I don't want to be stuck in a rut. I want to move on.
Have you decided?
Yes. I want to get a better job.
Could you tell me why you want to quit?
I quit just because of the dissatisfying salary and the trouble in getting along with my colleagues.
Oh, that's terrible. Do you want to get a higher salary in our company?
I'm afraid not. I've promised my girlfriend. We'll travel southwards to find a job that offers higher pay.
OK, I'd like to say that I've really enjoyed working with you. However, I think you should work harder for your new job and then you can ask for higher pay.
Thank you so much for your advice. And every best wish for your new job.
Thank you.

The train is leaving. Hurry up?! Which car are we in?
Let me see. Oh, No. 11. Here we are, Car 11. Let's get in.
Seats No. 20 and 21. It’s nice that we’Ve got a window seat.
Let's put our suitcases on the rack.
Oh, the baggage rack is full. Put them under the seat for the time being.
All right.

So, how should we get to the theatre? Let's take the bus.
I hate the bus system in London?! The bus drivers are rude, the buses are never on time, and there are few people around who can help you.
It's not that bad. You probably just had a bad experience once.
It wasn't just once. Every single time I take the bus, something bad happens to me or to someone else on the bus.
We could take the subway, but we'd have to go three stops along one line and then change trains twice. Train fares are twice as expensive as the bus fare, too.
If we don't hurry up, we'll miss the show. Should we take the bus?
We're already late, so I think we had better take a taxi.
I don't think we'll be able to find a taxi very easily during hush hours. Let's just take the bus.
Fine. Have a look at the timetable to find out when the next one arrives.
It looks like it should be here in just a few minutes. don't worry. Nothing bad will happen. I'll even buy your ticket for you.
Thanks, that was nice of you.
See, now something good has happened to you on a bus trip?!

Let's go over this plan again. From Vancouver, we bike along the border all the way to Winnipeg. And that is mostly flat, right?
Relatively, once we're out of Alberta, anyway. Then it's hills again in Aitoba.
And from Winnipeg we go around the lakes through Toronto, right?
That's right. And up in to Quebec. And that's where we stop.
It doesn't sound like that much when we go over the plan but that's a long, long ride. Are you ready for the cross country of a lifetime?

Good morning, sir. What can I do for you?
I'm Bill. I'm in Room 908. Can you change the room for me? It's too noisy. My wife was woken up several times by the noise the baggage elevator made. She said it was too much for her.
I'm awfully sorry, sir. I do apologize. Room 908 is at the end of the corridor. It's possible that the noise is heard early in the morning when all is quiet.
Anyhow, I'd like to change our room.
No problem, sir. We'll manage it, but we don't have any spare room today. Could you wait till tomorrow? The American People-to-people Education Delegation will be leaving tomorrow morning. There'll be some rooms for you to choose from.
All right. I hope we'll be able to enjoy our stay in a quiet suite tomorrow evening and have a sound sleep.
Be sure. I'll make a note of that. Everything will be taken care of. And if there is anything more you need, please let us know.

It's time for bed.
I'm not ready to go to sleep. I'm not tired.
It's quite late, and you have an early day tomorrow.
I'm not going to be able to fall asleep.
Why don't you try counting sheep?
I've tried that before. It really doesn't work.
That's beside the point, you still need to go to bed.
Why can't I just stay up until I fall asleep?
If I let you do that, then you're just going to be up all night.
I promise I'll go to sleep soon.
No, you're going to sleep now, so good night.
See you in the morning.

I see myself as being honest, diligent, persevering and creative. And I have a strong sense of responsibility.
How about your psychological resilience?
I think I can work well under pressure, if necessary.
How would you deal with those who are not easy to get along with?
I will just be sincere and friendly to others, and I believe they will treat me the same way.
You seem to be a kind-hearted lady.
Thank you. I simply believe the goodness of human nature.
Please tell me your weaknesses if you can.
I should admit that sometimes I care too much about the details. I am always in pursuit of perfection.

Karen? I need to go over a few things with you.
Certainly. Mr. Graham. When would you like to meet?
I was thinking about this afternoon, after the sales meeting.
Fine. At 3:30?

I believe we' Ve met before. My name's David.
Yes, at your company, I think. I'm Frank.
Oh, I remember now.Very nice to meet you again.
Nice meeting you, too.

I made my little brother cry.
Shame on you?!

I need some mascara. Do you have good thickening mascara?
Of course. Here is our thickening mascara. We also have mascara designed to lengthen the eyelashes.
Alright. And I want to consider your eye shadow too. Do you have a color chart can look at?
We have a very wide selection of colors. And our eye shadow is specially designed to moisturize the skin. So it is very gentle on your eyelids. Would you like to sample some?
Oh, sure I will need to clean off my own eye shadow first.
I can help you with that.
Thank you.

Is this the baggage claim area for flight KB256?
Yes, we are on the same plane.
But I am a transfer passenger. I have a connecting flight to Miami.
So you have to bring your baggage to the transfer check-in area.
Yes.It' s quite troublesome. Why not go and find a porter?

Billy, you don’t look too well. Maybe you should take the day off school.
But Mom?! Today we’re playing football?! I love football?!
You’Ve got a fever and playing football isn’t a good idea for a boy with a fever.
What’s that on your arm?
I don’t know. It was there when I woke up this morning.
It’s rash. I’d better take you to see the doctor.
How did you get that bruise on your leg?
I bashed it against the chair in my room.
Does it hurt?
A little, but not much. Here. Put this wet towel on your face to keep your temperature down. I’ll take you to the doctor’s after breakfast.
If I’m better this afternoon, can I go to school?
If you are better, but I doubt you will be.

This is your schedule.
You're going out of your way for us, I believe.
You are our honored guests.

Are there any vacancies still available?
Yes. We need a plumber here.
I am looking for a job that is more advanced than that, such as sales manager or regional manager.
I am sorry. They are not available now.

My name is Mary, and I will be your waitress tonight.
Thank you, Mary. We have been looking forward to trying out this restaurant.
Before your main course, would you like to order an appetizer?
Sure, that sounds great. Where are your appetizers listed?
There is a special appetizer menu right here in the center of the table.
The chicken and cheese quesadilla looks good. Is that pretty good?
You know, that is one of my favorites?!
OK, I'll take one order of that.
You could choose another appetizer for half price to share.
Perfect?! Please add on an order of onion rings.

I am waiting for a fax but just now I found there's something wrong with the fax machine.
What's wrong with the fax machine? Is it urgent?
Yes, very urgent. And there is no other fax machine around. And the office of our boss is closed, so I can not use his machine either. And his secretary is out. Do you have any suggestion?
Either call this extension number 0085 or ask them to send the fax to you as e-mail, you print it out.

I would like to speak to you, if you don’t mind.
What would you like to speak to me about?
I would like to talk to you about this year’s election.
Is that right? I am a volunteer for this year’s campaign.
That’s wonderful. I am impressed at someone so young taking a stand. I know history is about to be made, and I would like to be a part of it.
That’s fantastic. Are you planning on voting?
I’m going to vote. Go to your polling place early on Election Day.
I will.
Good luck with your volunteering.

We hope that there will be no repetition of this kind of trouble in the future.
Yes. I promise it will not happen again.
We look forward to your settlement at an early date.
We will inform you as soon as possible.

Hello, Steven. How do you get along with your job?
Actually, I learn many things from it. I find that I am a quick learner in new things.
Practice makes perfect. By the way, what do you learn from your job?
At first I didn't know anything about the machine. Now I know how to operate it. Besides, the work gives me a sense of fulfillment and achievement.
Yeah, you are a good learner. I must commend you for your good performance.
Thank you. That's a long way to go for my job.
I appreciate your effort very much. The coffee break is over ; it's about time we set to work.
OK, let's go.

Where on earth are we?
Judging by all the traffic, I'd say we're near the outskirts of the city.
What did I do wrong? Did I take a wrong turn?
I'm not sure, but I think you turned right when you should have turned left on the flyover bridge.
Well, now we should turn back a few kilometres. It seems that the traffic sign is much more important than the map.

Hello. Front desk.
Yes. This is Bob Robinson. I’m calling from room number 627.
Hi, Bob. What can I do for you? Is it possible to change to another room?
Could you please tell me why? My room is facing the swimming pool. It’s noisy for me. I have a problem sleeping. And I feel uncomfortable when I take an elevator.
So you need a quiet side room on the lower floor.
You’re right. Okay. Let me check for a room on the first floor.
Thank you.
I’Ve only two rooms on the first floor. How about room 108?
That’s fine. Can I move now?
Sure. I’ll send the bellman to help you.
Oh, thank you kindly.
You’re welcome.

How long will it take for our order to be delivered?
Let's see. You are importing fifty containers of textiles from China. They should be able to place your order before the end of next week. It will take 2 days for shipping to the port city of Ningpo. The freight will take 3 weeks on the open ocean and will arrive in Los Angeles approximately a month from today. Domestic shipping will be your responsibility, you can make arrangements with the pier in Los Angeles.
Fine, we will handle domestic shipping, but what about customs? Will we have to pay tariff on our imports?
I hope we don't run into any problems with the border control.
No, the Chinese company has that all worked out. With the paperwork you receive with the shipment, you should be good to go.

Now you're my boss, Mr. Henry. Do you have any other particular conditions that you would like the company to take into consideration?
No, nothing in particular. You may ask questions about us, if you have any.
All right. When can I start?

What are you doing here today?
I would like to fight my ticket.
Is the arresting officer in the courtroom today?
Yes, the officer is here today. What's your case?
I was pulled over for running a red light, but I never did.
Do you believe that the officer lied?
There was a camera on the signal. So, he was obviously lying.
Your license plate was caught on camera?
A picture of my license plate was never taken.
Since there is no picture of your license plate on record, I'm going to let you go.
Thank you. I'm glad that you believe me.

Hey Joe, what are you doing in this department store?
Hi, Rita, I'm just looking for a pair of shoes. I won't be here for long.
Why not? When I go shoe shopping, I have so many options for sneakers that I spend awhile looking at all of the choices.
That's my problem. I don't have a lot of options. What do you mean?
This is a big store, isn't it?
Yes, but I have unusually big feet. That wouldn't be too much of a problem except that they're also very wide, and only a few brands sell shoes that I can fit into.
So how do you usually go about buying shoes, then?
Well, first of all, I can only go to certain stores that can guarantee me a large selection.
Well, you're in the right store. If they don't have it, no one will.
After that I choose something from one of the few brands that I know will fit me. I prefer white, so I ask them to bring me a pair of white sneakers in my size. Since I’m usually only given one or two pairs of shoes that meet my qualifications, it makes it a very easy choice.

what shall we do after the volleyball match?
how about going to the Olympic souvenir store to have a look? I remember there is one in the gym.
that's a good idea. I was thinking of buying some gifts for my family. me, too.
What did you have in mind?
I haven't decided yet, but I think the Olympic Mascots are a must.
I agree. They're very lovely, especially " Huan Huan ".
is that the red one? That is my favorite, too. Do you know how much they are?
the five dolls are sold together as a set, and they're priced according to the size. The bigger they are the more expensive.
oh, I see. If I buy more than a set, can I get any discount?
I don't think so. All the souvenirs of the Olympic Games are very hot right now.
any other ideas?
there are lots of things, such as postcards, key chains, posters and various arts and crafts.
it all sounds great. We can go there after the match. I can't wait to see what they have.

Mom?! I hate eating vegetables?!
You don’t have to eat them. I don’t mind.
Thanks mom?! Can I have dessert now? I love chocolate cake?!
No dessert for you unless you eat all your vegetables.
But I don’t like them?! It’s not fair?!
You can have some fruit for dessert. If you eat an apple and a banana, I might let you have a small piece of chocolate cake.
Ok... actually, I don’t mind eating peas and carrots, buy I hate broccoli and cauliflower.
I’ll remember that for next time. You’ll get extra peas and carrots, buy no broccoli or cauliflower. OK?
Thanks mom?!

It was very kind of you to give me a tour of the place. It gave me a good idea of your product range.
It’s a pleasure to show our factory to our customers. What’s your general impression, may I ask?
Very impressive, indeed, especially the speed of your NW Model. That’s our latest development. A product with high performance.
We put it on the market just two months ago. The machine gives you an edge over your competitors, I guess.
Certainly. No one can match us as far as speed is concerned.
Could you give me some brochures for that machine? And the price if possible.
Right. Here is our sales catalog and literature.
Thank you. I think we may be able to work together in the future.

Is the factory fully-automated?
Not completely. Our production process is partially-automated. We use robots on the production line for routine assembly jobs but some of the work is still done manually.
What about supply of parts to the production line?
Well, the parts are automatically selected from the store room using a bar-code system. And there is an automatic feeder which takes them to the conveyor belt at the start of the production line.
What about the smaller components?
They're transported to the workstations on automated vehicles - robot trucks - which run on guide rails around the factory.

I'm glad you're on your ten-year reunion planning committee.
Yeah, you get the TV to yourself while I spend my nights surfing the Net for missing classmates. That's not why. This way I can see how you guys do this sort of thing.
I guess. Don't you have reunions in Taiwan?
Definitely. Every year. But just for our forty-person class. Ours are for everyone that graduated in the same year.

What does your job involve?
I'm the Project Manager so I have to make sure our projects run smoothly. I work with three Project Engineers. They take care of after-sales service and look after the maintenance side of the business.

How many languages can you speak?
Besides Chinese, I can speak English and French. You mean you can read and write both of them?
No, I can only carry on a simple conversation in French.
Can you read and write English well?
I can speak the language better than read and write.
Do you speak the language well enough to communicate with people of English-speaking countries?
I think so. I used to be an interpreter. Do you think your English is good enough to do desk work?
The amount of English I know enables me to do general desk work. I believe what I know is sufficient to work in an American firm.

What can I get for you? Here is the menu.
Let me have a look. Well, how many kinds of steaks do you have?
We have sirloin steaks, pepper steak, and filet steak.
Is there something go with the filet steak?
Yes, we have various sauces.
What about the gravy?

Are you ready to go shopping?
Just a minute. I need to make a list of thinks that we need.
Good idea. Have you written down potatoes, carrots, and onions?
I don’t have onions on my list. I’ll add them. We should get some tea. Is green tea ok or should we get the same tea that we usually get?
Let’s get both. We need some coffee too. Is that on your list?
Yes, it is. Here’s my list. Is there anything that I’Ve forgotten?
I think you’Ve got everything. I want to got some chocolate and some cheese.
What kind of cheese do you want.
I’m not sure. I’ll decide at the cheese counter, when I can see what they have.
Have we got enough money?
We don’t have enough cash, so I’ll take my credit card and we can pay with that.
Where are the car keys?
I’Ve got them there. Shall I drive?

Hello, can you tell me how to use the telephone?
If you want to order meals, call 8801.If you need other help, call 8803 and someone will be there.
Thank you so much. By the way, is there a mail service?
Yes, you can take your letters to the counter over there.

I am afraid that the fax machine in my room won’t be working till tomorrow. A technician has just come and checked it. He will bring me a new one tomorrow. It seems there is a big problem with mine and it will take some days for repairing. Can I use the one in your office?
Of course you can. I am sure this one works very well. I just sent dozens of pages. How many pages are you sending? Are you familiar with my fax machine?
Yes, I think you have the same model as I have.
Does your fax machine print out immediately a transmission protocol?
Yes, it will print immediately.

How many years have you done business with China?
Let me see, about five years, we established our business relationship with Hua Mei of China Import & Export Corporation in 2003.
Do you have any difficulties in doing business in China? You know the Chinese economic legislation is still incomplete?
I don't think I have any problem with our Chinese partners. They have always followed the contract strictly. We can do business directly with the corporation. As I mentioned before, the Chinese government is trying very hard to perfect its law. Its commercial legislation provides legal protection for foreign companies.
Well, it's known that the Sino-American relation is in a dilemma. Does it influence your business in China?
Actually not at present. But we are afraid it will. You know policies influence business to some extent.
I hope our government will not be influenced by some extremists. China is really a large market. We don't want to lose it.
Thank you.
You're welcome.

Give me a pack of first-class stamps, please.
Here you are. That will be five dollars. Anything else?
Yes. I want some post cards and some airmail stamps. I want to send some letters to South America.
Just a moment, I'll look up the rate for air-mail letters to South America.
Can you tell me how much it will cost to send a package to Colombia? Also, I what to know how long it will take.
Do you have the package with you? I would have to weigh it to see how much it would cost. Do you insure package?
Yes. All you have to do declare the value of the package and decide how much you want to insure it for.
Is there a way that I can be sure that the people in South america receive my package?
The post office rarely loses package. You can, however, request a rectum receipt.
One last question-what are your hours?
We open at eight-thirty in the morning and close at five-thirty in the afternoon.
Thank you, you helped me a lot.

Hello, thank you for taking the time to interview me.
Hi there, I’m Bill Gotcha, the owner of Gotcha Enterprises. Did you find your way here OK?
Your assistant gave wonderful directions.
Why are you switching jobs at this point in your career?
Our Company is moving overseas and I wish to stay in the United States.
What are you best at?
I am good at organizing systems that have been having problems.
What is your biggest challenge in terms of skills?
I don’t like to sit around and so like to always find things to do to keep myself busy.
That is good to hear?!

Good morning. SRC international. How may I help you?
Good morning. I'd like to speak to Peter. Chen Please.
Certainly. Who should I say is calling?
This is Tim. Hunter from Hunter industries.
And what is it regarding please?
We have an appointment for this afternoon. Mr. Chen will know why I'm calling.
Of course, Please hold the line Mr. Hunter.

Right, let me run through your options. You can go ahead and cash your undue Large-Amount Deposit Certificate if you really want to, but I'd recommend a Personal Durable Commodities Loan.
OK, what does that entail?
It's not too much trouble to do it this way and remember, your certificate is due in 2 months. If you can hold on to it, it'll be much better for your finances.
Yes, it does seem a little silly to cash it now. I'll probably need about 25,000 RIB. Will that be a problem?
Not at all, Mr Zu. As the certificate is due in 2 months, you can get the loan on mortgage of that certificate.
I'm glad you thought of this. I'd have just gone ahead and cashed it?! And I suppose I can use the money from the certificate to pay back this Personal Durable Commodities Loan and I won't lose any interest, right?
Exactly right. If you'd like to go ahead, I can process that for you now, Mr Zu.
Absolutely, Jenny. Thanks very much, I think you've saved me quite a lot of money today.

My aunt told me one of her secrets--cellophane tape. I just got it at the special health store. It's for my flabby arms.
Let me know how it works. I have to say, I have had enough of this roller coaster.
I know what you mean. I'm like a yo-yo. Last week I was down to 60 kilos. This week I had one donut more. Now I'm up to 62 kilos.

May I have a menu, please?
Of course. Could you tell me how this thing is cooked? Lobster?
It is steamed and served with our special sauce.
Is it good?
Sure. It is a most popular dish.
I think I will try some lobster, and give me some green salad together.

Can’t you come in and have tea now, Peter?
Not yet, I must water the garden first.
Do you have to water it now?
I’m afraid I must. Look at it?! It’s terribly dry.
What a nuisance?! Last summer it was very dry, too. Don’t you remember? I had to water it every day.
Well, I’ll have tea by myself.
That was quick?! Have you finished already? Yes, Look out of the window. It’s raining.
That means you needn’t water the garden.
That was a pleasant surprise. It means I can have tea, instead.

I'm broke, and I have to catch another bus.
Why don't you have any money for another bus?
I got hungry and bought some chips.
That was smart.
Anyway, do you have any change I can use for the bus?
I don't have any.
I don't know how I'm going to get home.
Get a transfer from the bus driver.
How much is a transfer?
It doesn't cost anything.
That's great?! Thanks for your help.
You know what? Don't mention it.

Hello, Anna. Come in and sit down.
Hello, doctor.
What's the matter? I've got a backache.
Do you often suffer from backache?
No, I don't. I've never had a bad one before. When did it start?
About four days ago.
Well, go home and rest in bed for two days, then you'll feel better. Can you give me some medicine? It's very painful.
Yes, I'll give you some pills. Take one a time and three times a day, and come back in three days. If you don't feel...

Welcome on board. May I see your boarding pass?
Here you are. Your seat is three, in the third row, near the window.
Thank you. Where can I put my suitcase?
Either in the overhead compartment or underneath the seat.
Everyone's attention, please. We are going to take off. Please fasten your belts.

Hello, madam. How do you like your staying here?
Quite good. Excuse me, are there any places of interest?
Yes, there are so many near our hoteI. Three blocks away from here, there is temple. It's famous for its building and paintings. lt' s worth visiting.
Thank you. I think today we will go there.

You're here to make a deposit, is that correct?
Right. I'd like to deposit 2,000 RIB into my Current Account.
No problem. Could I have the cash and your Bank Book, please?
Oh dear... there seems to be some problems here... What? What's wrong?
I'm sorry but 5 of these notes seem to be counterfeit. Look at this watermark, do you see it?
It does look a little strange, I didn't notice that before.

Hello, sir. Is there anything I can help you find?
Um... Uh... I'm just looking, thanks.
Need a gift for your girlfriend or wife...
No, no, no. I'm just browsing. Thanks anyway.
Well, if you need anything, just ask. Um... well, where's the men's shoe department?
It's on the third floor. Turn left when you get off the escalator.
Thanks.

An idea about killing time on a train?
I advise you to read Playboy.You can get a lot from it.
But there's quite a lot of rumors about it.
That's why it's interesting.

Have you brought the receipt with you?
No, I don't. I left it home.
Sorry, but we can't do anything without the receipt. Come back with it.
I didn't know. I'll go to get it. How late will you be open?
Till 5:30.

I haven't told you what happened yet, have I?
I haven't heard anything.
My boss offered me a promotion, and I took it.
Are you serious?
Yes, I am really excited.
That's great. Congratulations?!
Thank you.
Actually, I could not believe it at first. You know, there're so many outstanding people in our company. Many of them are qualified to fill that position.
Sure, but you really did great and outperformed the others. You deserved it?!
Thank you very much.

I like Chinese food.
I like Chinese food, too. I like dumplings best. At school, we sometimes have Chinese food for lunch.
That's good. We eat Chinese food only at the Chinese restaurant.
My mother can make some Chinese food.
Really? That's wonderful?!

OK. Come back into the classroom, class.
Does the class start again, Mam?
Yes, but to the heath, this break has last long enough.
Oh, breaktime flies. come on, baby. It’s time now.
Mam, another minute, could I?
Hurry up, little boy.

What's the actual flight time from here to San Francisco?
It's about twelve hours.
Can you tell me what time we're arriving?
Sure. Let me see... at 6:15 a. m. local time.
I see. And that'll be 10:15 p. m. Beijing time.

Excuse me, but I'm not feeling too well. I think I'm going to throw up.
There's an airsickness bag behind the seat that's in front of you.
I must've missed it. Is this your first time flying?
Yes. I'm going to San Francisco.
Oh, it's a beautiful city. I think you'll like it.
Hey, I'm feeling much better already.
Sometimes if you don't think about it, that sick feeling will go away on its own.
Thanks.
By the way, my name is Mary.
I'm Frank. Nice to meet you.

Welcome to Al's Bakery. What can I get you?
Hi?! Let me get a dozen croissants, four blueberry muffins and a loaf of sourdough bread.
Sure. Would you like to have the loaf sliced?
No, that's OK. Do you have any whole wheat bread?
We are out at the moment. May I suggest some rye bread?
Sure that sounds good. Do you have any cakes?
We have various birthday cakes and also ice cream cakes.
I'll just take a cheesecake.
Will that be all?
Yes.
Your total is forty three dollars and twenty cents.
You got it.

Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, we are happy you have all come out for our training workshop. Today we have a great line-up of speakers to talk to you. First on our program is a well-renown expert in the field of international economic development, Harvard's own Dr. James Smith. Dr. Smith has been involved in economic research for over twenty years, and has taught at Harvard since 1995. And now, without further adieu, we'd like to welcome Mr. James Smith.
Thank you, Mr. Jackson, ladies and gentlemen, colleagues, friends. The subject of my talk is international relations in a morgen world. I plan to say a few words about the current situation in the Middle East and how it affects world economy. I'd like to give you an overview of the way that the economies of seemingly unrelated countries are intertwined. I've divided my talk into three parts, first an overview of international relations, second a discussion of current political situations, and lastly trends for the future. My presentation will take about two hours, but there will be a twenty-minute break in the middle. We'll stop for lunch at 12.

You're looking rather pale, why?
I couldn't sleep well recently.
You'd get plenty of sleep for you work so hard.
I always drink too much wine in the evening.
You shan't drink more wine in the evening.
Yes, you are right.
And you'd take some exercise every day.
Many thanks for your advice.

Hello Mrs Parker, how have you been?
Hello Dr Peters. Just fine thank you. Ricky and I are here for his vaccines.
Very well. Let's see, according to his vaccination record, Ricky has received his Polio, Tetanus and Hepatitis B shots. He is 14 months old, so he is due for Hepatitis A, Chickenpox and Measles shots.
What about Rubella and Mumps?
Well, I can only give him these for now, and after a couple of weeks I can administer the rest.
OK, great. Doctor, I think I also may need a Tetanus booster. Last time I got it was maybe fifteen years ago?!
We will check our records and I'll have the nurse administer and the booster as well. Now, please hold Ricky's arm tight, this may sting a little.

I’m interested in teaching at your school.
Great. Are you a qualified teacher?
Yes.
What kind of teaching certificate do you have?
I have a TEFL certificate.
How many years of experience do you have?
I have three years of teaching ESL and four years of teaching per-school children.
When did you get your TEFL certificate?
I got my TEFL certificate three years ago.
Why do you want to teach at our school?
Well, I’Ve heard many good things about it. I also like teaching young children.
That’s great. Can you speak Chinese?
Yes, just a little.
Can you come in for an interview tomorrow at 10:00?
I sure can.
Great. See you then.

Why is the car before us stopping?
What's going on? Look. Two cars are standing right in the middle of the road and the drivers are shouting rude words to each other.
That's why that car stops.
More and more people easily get irritated while driving.
Yes. This is what is called road rage.

This is today’s schedule. At 8 thirty AM, conference with the department managers. At 9 o’clock, live for the workshop where you’ll award prizes to the staff for preventatives.
That’s great. What are the prizes?
3000 RIB as bonus for each person. To encourage the staff increases.
Ok. Next thing is laying the corner-stone for the new plant at 10 AM. At 12 AM, back here for lunch. What about the afternoon? At 2 PM, give a presentation here with the press. At four o’clock sharp, have dinner with Mr. Smith, manager of NCC.

This is Lincoln Bank, Consumer Credit Department. How can I help you?
Ah, hello. I'm calling to find out how I apply for a car loan.
We offer a Personal Automobile Consumer Loan. The application process is pretty straight forward. I trust you have enough funds to cover the 20 % down payment?
Yes, I do. It's ready and waiting in my account.
The next step is for us to recommend a dealer to you, who are already contracted to us, so...
Could I just stop you there? Sorry to interrupt, but I have already been to your appointed dealer and selected the car I want.
That will certainly cut down the processing time. We can move on to the next step. Do you have the purchase price?
Yes, it's 110,000 RIB. So, with the down payment done, I will need to borrow 70,000 RIB.
What we need you to do next is to come into the branch with a correctly filled in application form, ID card, proof of residency, proof of income, the agreement from the agent and of course the 20 % down payment.
Yes, I have everything here.
OK, I'll come in and see you later today. Maybe I could have my new car as early as next week?! How exciting?!

Hi, my name is Tom.
Tom, the new sales representative? Nice to meet you?! I'm Melinda.
Nice to meet you too.Melinda. Now let me show you around. This is our reception area, and our conference room is right over there. Over here is the sales department.
Really? This is a nice office, but it's quite small.
Yeah... You can make photocopies and send faxes over there.
It looks like you guys work hard.
I tell you what just between you and me, we just mess things up so that it looks like we work hard.Just kidding.
Oh, your cubicle is over the. And this way. Those are all private offices the managers offices.
Hmm... Tell me more details about our jobs.
Sure thing.

What do you think of our price? Your price has gone up sharply, hasn't it?
Yes. We regret we cannot maintain our original price. Since the prices of the raw materials have been raised, we have to adjust the price of our products accordingly.
I agree with you there, but your price is unreasonable.
I don't think so. You must compare our price with that of other export houses. I'm sure our offer is in line with the prevailing market price level.
I don't think we'll be able to pay the price.
To have this business concluded, you need to lower your price at least by 3 %.
I’m afraid that there is no room for any reduction in price.
Don't you agree with me that in the long run, moderate prices will bring about large sales and more profit?
We've already cut down our price to cost level.
Is that all?
Yes, this is the best we can do.
I'm sorry we can't handle the price you offered.

So, Jimmy, how does it feel to have your own money?
It’s great, dad. I don’t mind delivering papers, but the real fun is collecting the money.
Even though you are only twelve, it’s not too early to start saving a little money.
I’Ve never had a bank account before. Why don’t I just keep my money under the matters like grandpa does?
You know you would spend it. And also, money in the bank earns interest.
But what if I need my money suddenly?
The bank will give you a PIN, and you can withdraw money from any ATM.
Great?! So it’s almost the same as keeping it under the matters?!
Not quite. You have to maintain a minimum balance of twenty dollars. And sometimes the bank has service charges. But you don’t have to worry about that yet. Let’s go make your first depot OK.
Guess I have to do that before. I can make money my first withdrawal.

Is this where I can catch a bus to the theater?
Yes, but you can't get there with out a change.
Which bus do I have to change?
You have to get off at the hospital and change for bus 15.
I see. Thank you.

Here we are, Joan. This is the Palace museum, also known as the Forbidden city.
Oh, how splendid?! Can you take a picture of me here?
Sure.

Excuse me. I'm afraid I got lost. Where am I on this map?
We are here, bus station, we are in the heart of the city.
Oh?! Can I go from here to the Zhongshan Park?
Head straight up the street about two blocks then turn right.

Tony, could you tell me if there are any special rules about the job?
Working hours are from 8: 30 a. m. to 5:00 p. m. Be sure not to be late or absent. Report to the manager by filling in the' Monthly Report' every month.
Is there anything else? How about my salary?
Our company has a strict and reasonable salary standard. On the 20th day of every month, you can get your salary on time. Benefits depend upon the length of service and the employee's past attendance record.
Wow, thank you for telling me these. Do you mind telling me something else, like attendance record, holiday, and how to ask for leave?
All new members are likely to ask the same questions. Haha.
I can understand that. Every month you have three days off, besides the weekends and some important holidays. After you've been here for a year, you qualify for a one-week vacation. The leave less than a half-day should predict for an hour, and more than a half-day should predict three days.
Okay, that's good. I get it.

Kate, you never believe what's happened.
What do you mean?
Masha and Hero are getting divorced.
You are kidding. What happened?
Well, I don't really know, but I heard that they are having a separation for 2 months, and filed for divorce.
That's really surprising. I always thought they are well matched.
What about the kids? Who get custody?
Masha, it seems quiet and makable, no quarrelling about who get the house and stock and then contesting the divorce with other details worked out.
That's the change from all the back stepping we usually hear about.
Well, I still can't believe it, Masha and Hero, the perfect couple.
When would they divorce be final?
Early in the New Year I guess.

Overseas operator. I would like to make a collect call to Taipei, Taiwan, please.
Your name, please.
Tim Chen.
What's the number, please.
The area code is 2, and the number is 2367-9960.
The line is connected. Please go ahead.

Hello. Excuse me.
Yes. Can I help you? Do you remember me? I just had lunch here a half hour ago.
Of course I remember you.
I think I lost my wallet here.
Oh, no. Really? I didn't see anything.
Really? You didn't find a wallet?
No, I didn't.
Would you like to go look by the table with me?
Yes, I would.
It's not here. And it's not on the floor.Has anyone sat at this table since we left?
No. It's been empty the whole time.
Hmm. I don't know how it could have happened.
I remember, sir, that your friend took the bill.You didn't pay for the lunch yourself, did you?
No. My friend did.
Then are you sure you took your wallet out of your pocket while you were here?
No, I'm not sure. But I usually take out my wallet when I sit down.It' s uncomfortable to sit on it. So I usually put it next to me on the table.
Maybe you lost it before you came here. Or maybe you left it at home.
I don't think it's at home. I think I had it when I left the house.But what should I do?
Well, the first thing you should do is make sure it's not at home.Then, if it isn't, you need to call your credit card companies and cancel your cards. Next, you need to replace whatever you lost, your driver's license, things like that.
Should I call the police?
You can if you want. But the police usually don't do anything about lost wallets.
Hmm. I'll go home and check. Maybe you're right. Maybe it's at home.
I'm sorry we couldn't find it, sir.
Thanks for your help.

Good morning, young lady. You can call me Ma. Do you see anything you like?
Yes. Many things?! I especially love this beautiful quilt.
That quilt was passed down to me from my ma in Holland.
It sounds like a special quilt. Why do you want to sell it?
Well, this home is too big for me now, so I'm moving to an apartment that is much smaller. Therefore, I need to part with a few things.
Oh, I see. Umm, how much do you want for the quilt?
Is fifteen dollars OK?

Have you got change for a thousand?
Let me see.

May I come in, Mr Sun?
I’d rather you didn’t, Miss Yang. I’m very busy now.
Can I try later then?
Yes, of course.
Is it all right for me to come in now, Mr Sun?
Well, uh... I’m still pretty busy, but... all right. Come in.
What can I do for you?
Do you mind if I sit down?
Not at all. Take a seat. Now what can I do for you?
I want to leave the department. Do you think I could put info a transfer?
Yes.
But why should you want to do that?
Do you mind if I speak frankly?
Not at all. Go ahead.
Well. You see, I don’t like the office. I don’t like the staff. And I’m afraid of you. And I don’t want to go one. So may I put info a transfer?
Yes. I’d be delighted if you did.

Where is that? Take me to the airport, please.
Are you in a hurry?
I have to be there before 17 o'clock.
We'll make it except a jam. You know it's rush hour.
There's an extra ten in it for you if you can get me there on time.
I'll do my best.
Here's twenty dollars. Do you have small bills?
No. If you can't break it, keep the change. But can you give me a receipt?
Here is your receipt.
Thank you.

Recently I have been getting headache and my eyes don't seems to see focus properly.
When did you last time have your eyes checked?
Two years ago. At that time I had no problems.Now I can’t even make out something ten meters away.
Come over here. I will test your eyes. First cover your left eye like this, and when I point, please read the chart from the top, and go as far as you can, telling me which way the “ E ” points.
All right. Good.Now the other eye. Well, this one is worse.
Never mind, just read as far as you can.
I can only read the first three lines.

Is there a car park near the supermarket?
Yes, there is an underground car park near the supermarket.
I see. Thanks.

Oh, come on, Ultraman?! What's up, Bro? What's in the bulletin?
It says that there will be a blackout from 5 p. m. to 7 p. m. in our neighborhood today.
Blackout? Even the TV has the limit. Don't you know you will look like a monster in the blackout?
Oops, no, Daddy can't watch American Idol, either?! That's not the point.
Come on, can you imagine that there will be no electricity on such a hot day? Oh, my god?! No air-conditioner?!
OK, since you are the smart one, can you come up with a better plan? So that we won't be baked like cookies here.
How about playing Barbie out there in the neighborhood?
Barbie? You know, I might be seven, but I'm not a girl.
Do you have a better plan?
All right, all right.

Yes, ma'am, how could I help you?
I am wondering if you do facial care?
Yes, we do.
How much would it be?
From 200 to 800.
I'm afraid 800 is too expensive for me. Could you recommend something around 300?
No problem.

Can I help you, Miss?
I would like to order 2 office-style cabinets and desk calendars. We want office-style cabinets in white. The catalogue number is 90-f-2356.
How soon do you want it?
Could you deliver it tomorrow?
No problem. Please handle the items carefully.
Certainly.
We will pay by collect on delivery.

I hate to do this to you, Alice, but I’m going to have to ask you to put in some more overtime.
Does it have to be this afternoon, Mr. Fairbanks? I’Ve already made plans.
Well, I would have preferred to do it today, but if you’Ve already made plans, we can do it tomorrow.
I’d appreciate that, sir. How long do you think you’ll need me to stay?

What’s your attitude when do wrong things at work?
The buck stops here.

Hello?! Is your company advertising for administrative assistant on the newspapers?
Well, Administrative assistant with shorthand and typing skills are badly needed here.
First I want to check about the availability and see if you could give me more information.
The position calls for a person with some working experience. We must be able to benefit from your analytical and interpersonal skills. Can you deliver your resume to us first?
Of course. I will deliver my resume to you in minutes' time. I hope you will consider my application and I shall appreciate a reply at your earliest convenience.
OK. I will call you soon. Bye now.
Bye.

Just as the saying goes, every potter praises his own pot. You should pay special attention to selling yourself properly in the interview. It is especially important for the graduates who step into the job market for the first time. You'd better prepare what you are going to say in advance, in order to have a good performance in the interview. The contents should be mainly descriptions of your background. And the length depends on the particular situation. Only when you are aware of what the interviewer will be interested in, can you make a targeted preparation. To sell yourself successfully, you should leave the interviewer a deep impression. Selling yourself should go straight to the point, and the statement should be clear and brief. It should also be truthful and realistic. Do not blindly blow your own horn. You should particularly state your strong points which are closely related to the position you are applying for. While you should not omit your weak points, they need to be described appropriately Time permitted, you could add certain examples to your description. Besides, in the interview, it is best that you make corresponding adjustments to apply your prepared contents flexibly.

Hello?
Hi, Deborah?! This is John. I'm calling from Australia.
What are you doing in Australia?
I'm attending a conference in Sydney this week. Remember?
Oh, right. What time is it there?
It's 10:00 P. M. And it's four o'clock in Los Angeles, right?
Yes - four o'clock in the morning.
4:00 A. M.? I'm really sorry.
That's OK. I'm awake now.

John hasn't turned up and Stefan is ill. Do we have anyone on stand-by?
I'm afraid not, we're very short-staffed at the moment.
Can you ask the shift supervisor to ask one of his team to do some overtime?
Perhaps Tommy can stand in for an hour or two until we find a replacement.

Jack, let’s go?! Oh, you are out of breath?! What happened?
Some people are wildly shooting on the next street. We must leave here as soon as possible?!
Take it easy. They will get caught.

Hello. May I speak to Jerry, please?
Sorry, but he is out for lunch right now.
I see. Can you give me some idea how long he'll be back?
I think he will be back around 2:00. If you like, please leave your name and phone number, I'll have him call you as soon as he comes back.
That's nice. My name is Steven, my phone number is 6789777.
Okay, I'll be waiting for his call. Thank you and bye?!
My pleasure, bye?!

Excuse me, Miss. What can I do for you?
I've just heard an announcement that my flight has been delayed.
What's your flight number?
Flight CA216 to Chengdu.
Yes, it's true. It has been delayed.
Could you please tell me why?
Yes, of course. The delay is due to heavy rain.
How long will the delay be? Do you have any further information about it?
I am sorry, we don't know the extent of the delay at present. But according to the latest weather forecast, there will be a change in weather soon. We have to wait.
Well, is it possible for the rain to stop before noon?
It's hard to say. Weather is so changeable in the summer. Please listen to the latest announcement about your flight.
Yes, I will. Thanks a lot. Bye?!
Bye

What are we going to do? I can't get the car out of this ditch. I'm stuck?!
I'm worried, Tom. I haven't seen any other cars for almost an hour.
I know. This is terrible. What can we do? This snow doesn't stop falling?!
I told you we should have stayed in town today.The weather report said 100 percent chance of snow.Why did you want to come up here?
I wanted to show you the cabin. We only had another half-hour to go.
Well, now we're stuck. What can we do?
I don't know. I've heard that when this happens, it's important to save energy.
What do you mean? We're stranded here, Tom. We may be here a long time.We need to conserve the gas in the car. The car's energy is what will keep us warm.
I have plenty of gas.
Yes, but the gas and the battery both have to stay working.We can't just let the car run and run.If we do, it will die soon. Then we'll freeze.
So what can we do?
Turn the lights off.Then, run the car and the heater only about fifteen minutes every hour.That will conserve the heat as long as possible.
Alright. That's a good idea. I wish we hadn't come up here. Now we'll probably be here for days.
Days?
Yes, it happens.That is what happens in big snowstorms. People get stranded for days.
Oh, my God?! It's good we have food. Probably we'll survive.But turn the car off for about forty-five minutes. Then we'll turn it on again.

Hey, buddy, can’t you see there’s a line?
Oh, sorry. I didn’t know.
What? You haven’t taken the bus before?
No, I’m afraid not.
Well, you have to wait in line like everyone else. Besides, you should let old people on first.
Sorry.
It’s all right. Where are you going?
I wanted to see the White House.
Oh, well you don’t want this bus, anyway. It goes to Georgetown.
Oh, no. It’s all right, though. Just get off at the next stop and catch the 79A.
Oh, well thank you very much.
You’re welcome.

Can I help you?
I'd like the double cheese burger meal, please.
What kind of drink would you like with that?
Just coke will be fine.
Would you like a super size meal? Only 2 RIB more, you'll get large coke and fries instead of medium. And today we are offering free toys all the meal boxes.
That sounds good, thanks, I'd like that. Actually I'd like sprite instead of coke, thanks.
That's not a problem, Miss. Will that be it?
Yes, that's all. That will be 25RMB, please
You got it.

Do you have any night tours?
Yes, we will depart in 10 minutes.
Is that a guided tour?
Yes, it is.
That's fine. Let's get on the bus.

I am sure we will make it up as soon as possible.
That's nice. We hope this matter will not affect our good relations in our future dealings.
Of course not. We have cooperated for a long time.

I would like to purchase some meat.
What kind of meat would you like to get today?
First off, I'm going to need a pound of ground beef.
A pound of ground beef is $ 2.48.
That's perfect. What else will you be needing?
I'm also going to need three pounds of chicken breasts.
The chicken breasts cost $ 4.05 per pound. What's the total price for the chicken?
It's going to be $ 12.15.
Okay, I think that will be all for me today.

I think you know already that I want to discuss the represent - ton for your alarm clocks.
Yes, Mr. Bergeron. You mentioned that in your letter.
To tell you the truth, your proposal surprised us.
Is that so?
Anyhow I want to go over the details with you in person, so you can give my suggestion thorough consideration.
Our firm specializes in this line of business. We have six sales representatives, who are on the road all the time, covering the whole of the European market.
Do you sell direct to shops?
Yes, we specialize in handling clocks and watches of all sorts. We have well established channels of distribution and we canvass the retailers direct, without any middlemen.
Do you keep a stock of these things?
In some cases, such as the wristwatches, which always have a steady market, we keep a stock in London and act as distributors as well as agents. Generally, however, we pass on the orders of our clients to the manufacturers for supply. We are paid for our service, of course.
That is, your commission.
Yes, our commission is very reasonable. We usually get a 10 % commission of the amount on every deal. Our agents in other areas usually get a 3-5 % commission. The European market is not familiar with your products. You have competitors from Japan and other continental countries. At the beginning of our campaign, there is sales resistance to overcome, we must send out salesmen to do a lot of traveling and spend a considerable amount of money on advertising in news - papers and TV programs. A 10 % commission will not leave us much.
According to your estimate, what is the maximum annual turn - over you can fulfill, in round figures, of course?
We will always do our utmost to enlarge the business, as our remuneration increases with the turnover, but we will not guar - ante anything, at least not to begin with.
We appreciate very much your intention to push the sale of our products. But our suggestion to you, Mr. Bergeron, as a preliminary step, is to do a little research into the market...
Do you mean to say you refuse us the agency?
Mr. Bergeron, you leave us no alternative. We can not give you an exclusive agency of the whole European market without having the slightest idea of your possible annual marketing turnover. Besides our price is worked out according to the costing. A 10 % commission means an increase in our price. We must have the reaction of the buyers in this respect.
Oh, that's just too bad. I intended to make great efforts in selling your products.
Well, we can still carry on our business relationship without the agreement. To start the ball rolling, we will provide you with price lists, catalogues and some samples. Only when you have a thorough knowledge of the marketing possibilities of our products, can we then discuss further details.
Ah, Mrs. Miller, but in this case am I covered?
Oh, yes. We will give you a 5 % commission on every transaction.
All right, but I'll be back again for the Autumn Fair. And then I hope we can see eye to eye about our commission and the terms of the agency.
Very good. We will discuss the matter again at the next Fair.

Excuse me, I’m sorry to trouble you. My name is Susan Ransom, and I have placed several orders with you company.
Yes, Mr. Ransom? This is Karl Miller. How may I help you?
Well, I wonder if you could track an order I placed with you last month. It hasn’t arrived yet.
Certainly, Ms. Ransom. Do you have an order number?

Have you worked out the offers. Mr. Thou?
Yes, we have. Here's our CIF quotation sheet. Please have a careful look.
Are the prices on the list firm offers?
Yes. All the quotations on the list are subject to our final confirmation.
I wonder whether there are any changes in your prices.
All these products are our best-selling lines. The prices of our products will change according to that of the international market demand. And we are always open to negotiate, especially on larger orders.
What do you have in mind?
How long does your offer remain valid?
I need some time to get my supervisors on board with this plan.
I understand. Our offer remains open for 4 days.

Hello sir, may I help you?
Yeah, I accidentally dropped my phone in the toilet.
I see. Well, you have come to the right place. We have over one hundred models of more than twenty leading mobile phone manufacturers.
Sounds good. I don’t want it to be too expensive, maybe something mid-range.
We have this new ETC smart phone.It comes with the Android OS so you can download applications. It also has a built-in camera, mp3 player and touch screen. It works on the 3G network so you have fast access to the internet wherever you are.
What about Wi-fi?
Of course?! You can access the internet from any hotspot as well as from home.
One last thing. Is it waterproof?

We have been over this a hundred times?! We are not getting a pet?!
Why not? Come on?! Just a cute little puppy or a kitty?!
Who is going to look after a dog or a cat?
I will?! I’ll feed it, bathe it and walk it every day?! We can get a Labrador or a German Shepard?!
What if we want to take a vacation? Who will we leave it with? Plus, our apartment is too small for that breed of dog.
Ok. How about we get a cat or a ferret?
We’re planning on having children soon, I don’t think those animals are a good idea with a baby in the house.
Fine?! Let’s get a bird then?! We can keep it in its cage and teach it to talk?! A parrot would be awesome?!
I’ll tell you what, I can get you some hamsters and we’ll take it from there.
Yay?!

Good evening, Mr. Lee and thank you for choosing our airline. We have just discovered that this flight is overbooked. Would you like to volunteer to give up your seat?
Overbooked? Give up my seat? I don’t understand.
From time to time we have a situation in which there are more passengers than there are seats on the aircraft. That’s overbooked.
I know what overbooked is, I just don’t understand how that could happen?
Actually it’s a common practice to overbook, as passengers often don’t take their flight as scheduled. Most of the time there is no problem but today, more passengers arrived than we have seats,
So who has to stay behind?
Well, first we ask for volunteers. If someone like yourself volunteers, they receive a free round trip ticket to be used within one year. If no one volunteers we just have to select someone.
Ok. I’ll volunteer. I could use a free ticket?!

I want to rent this apartment.
I’m glad to hear that. How much are you asking?
You will have to pay $ 1050 every month.
I can’t afford that. What can you afford?
I was thinking $ 800 a month.
I’ll need you to pay more than that. How much more?
How does $ 900 every month sound to you?
I can live with that. We have a deal then.

Good morning, Miss Monica. Nice to meet you again?!
Good morning, Mr. Thomas, it is nice to see you too. After the internal discussion, we have all agreed that you are the most suitable person for this position among all the candidates. So, today let’s talk about your expected salary and social benefits. What is your expected salary?
I’Ve worked in the field for more than 4 years. Depend on my work qualifications and experience, I would like to have 5000 Yuan to start.
The basic salary for your position in our company would be 4800 Yuan to start with increases giving according to your performance.
It is a bit lower than I expected. But I can accept that.
What are the working hours?
40 hours a week, Monday to Friday, 9 AM to 5 PM with one hour lunch break every day..
Do I have to work on weekend? If so, how do you pay for the overtime?
We do expect overtime work when it is necessary, but we pay twice of the work hour for working on weekends and three times for working on national holidays like Spring Festival and the Mid-Autumn Day.
Is there probation?
No probation is involved. If you feel good, you can start next week.

Welcome to the McDonald's. What will it be for you, madam?
One Big Mac and French Fries.
Is there anything else?
Give me one coke, please.
Is this to go or to eat here?
To go, please.
That comes to four dollars and ten cents.
And can I have some ketchup, please?
It's on the service counter over there. Please go to help yourself.

What's the name of this street?
University Street.
Do you know of any banks near here?
You'll see one at the corner on your right.

Hey there, you look a little lost. Are you new here?
Yeah how’d you know?
You can always spot the newbies. I can give you a few pointers if you want. Were you trying to use this machine here?
Yeah?! I just started my training today and I’m not really sure where to begin.
It’s ok, I know how it is. This machine here will work out your upper body, mainly your triceps and biceps. Are you looking to develop strength or muscle tone and definition?
Well, I don’t want to be ripped like you?! I just want a good physique with weights and Carpio.
In that case you want to work with less weight. You can start off by working ten to fifteen reps in four sets. Five kilo weights should be enough. Now it’s very important that you stretch before pumping iron or you might pull a muscle.
Got it?!
Wow is that the weight you are lifting? My goodness that’s a lot of weight?!
It’s not that much. Just watch... I’m ok...

Excuse me.Could you tell me how to return to the Hilton Hotel? I am afraid I lost my way.
Do you have a hotel card or something? Let's see.Yes, I have the address and telephone number here.
Oh, you're staying at the downtown Hilton.Then, you go down two blocks this way and turn left.You' ll find it on the right.
Well, I don't understand it very well.Will you draw me a map?

Excuse me, but could you tell me the way to the railway station?
The railway station? Just go down this street and turn left at the second corner. The station is at the end of that street.
How long will it take me to get there?
It's about a ten-minute walk.
That's very clear. I think I can find my way now. Thank you.
Not at all.

How does the political system work in your country?
We have hundreds of constituencies and the voters in each one elect a member of parliament. Most people call them mp’s.
Each mp belongs to a political party, right?
Almost all of them do. A few are independent. That means that they do not belong to a party.
If one party more than half of the mp’s. they form a government. That means that they choose a prime Finist
What’s a cabinet?
This is a small group of people-perhaps 25 mp’s who are usually ministers. They make all the big decision and discuss laws and policy.
Can any mp make a law?
Any mp can present a law to parliament. The proposed law is debated and voted on. If it is accepted, it becomes law.
I suppose a proposed a law needs the support of the big political parties.
Yes, it does, because they have most of the mp’s. most mp’s vote the way their party wants them to.
How do people choose which party or candidate to vote for?
They produce manifesto. These documents which states their policies. Some people just vote for the same party every time there is an election. Voters who often change the party they vote for are Calle

How was your interview?
Pretty good. The HR manager asked me the usual questions. Then he wondered why I had decided to leave my previous job.
What did you say?
I told him that I hadn’t got a raise for three years. I also told him that one of my best co-workers quitted her job because she had not been promoted for eight years.
Did he want to know the reasons?
Yes. I told him that my boss made some excuses of the recession. But I thought he had a pattern and a record of promoting men only. That’s sex discrimination.
When will you get the reply?
In a couple of days, I was told.
Wish you good luck?!
Thank you.

What qualities do you think a senior executive should possess?
Generally speaking, he needs creativity, the ability to communicate, sense of personal responsibilities, the ability to solve problems and so on.
Do you have all these qualities?
Yes, I have all of them. I am totally competent to be a senior executive.

Hi. I need more amenities, please.
Could you be a little more specific, sir?
Well, to be more specific, the free stuff, like soap, lotion, and shampoo.
I understand. Now, you're saying that you've already used up all your amenities?
Oh, no?! I've got all I need for my stay here.
So, what's the problem?
I need souvenirs?!
You want some souvenirs?!
Yes, yes. Souvenirs.
But, sir, our souvenir shop carries all those items.
That's not the same thing. If you buy hotel souvenirs, they have no sentimental value.
I understand, sir. I'll call housekeeping. You'll have your souvenirs shortly.

Hello, may I help you?
Yes.We' re interested in seeing the rooms for rent.
Oh, how nice.They' re bright rooms and the house is very quiet.
A nice quiet house is exactly what we're looking for.
Well, gentleman.Each room is $ 40 a week if you think that's OK.
That sounds just wonderful to us. When do you want to move in?
How about this afternoon?
Fine. I'll be expecting you around two.

Are you ready to order? May I suggest a veal?
No, I'll have the fish please.
The chicken is also nice.
No, I want the fish.
Our special tonight is lobster.
Thank you, but I prefer the fish.
Perhaps you'd enjoy the lamb.
No, I like the fish.
What ever you say?

Am I ever hungry? When will supper be ready?
It's almost ready. Can you set the table?
All right. Want to taste this dish?
Yeah. Oh, it's delicious?! Really?
Definitely. It's a wonderful meal.
Thank you, Honey. If you like to help me do the dishes, I'll be more dreadful.
I wish I could, but I won't.

Good morning, Kate. Long time no see.
Good morning, Vera, Nice to meet you.
Kate, I know you’Ve been a stewardess for more than one year. And I’ll have an interview on stewardess tomorrow. Can you tell me some etiquette about the interview?
Of course. First you should do up your long hair and do make up but not too thick.
Is there anything else I should pay attention to?
Yes, when you attend the interview, you should pay attention to your manner, style of conversation and expression. You should keep smiling always, being polite when you talk with the interviewer. Don't move from time to time when you sit there. And you also should know how to use eye contact.
Thank you, I've learned so much from you.
That’s all right. Hope you can do better tomorrow.

Can you fix me a cup of tea, Johnny?
Well... uh... how about a glass of juice instead?
No. I'd like tea. Can you put it in my favorite cup? You probably washed it...
Oh, yeah. Well, uh, about your mug... I'll find it...
Where are all the floral pattern plates? And dad's Yankee's mug?

Good morning, sir. May I help you?
Yes, I'd like to settle my bill.
Certainly sir. May I have your room key, please?
Sure. Here you are.
Just a moment, please. I'll draw up your bill for you... Thank you for waiting, sir. Your bill totals two thousand six hundred and fifty-eight yuan, including the phone and laundry.
That much?! Would you mind letting me have a look at it?
Not at all, sir. Here you are.
Thanks. Well, It seems to be right. How much is that in dollars, please?
Just a moment, sir. I'll calculate that for you. It comes to 305 dollars and 52 cents at today's exchange rate.
I see. OK. How would you like to make the payment?
In cash, please.
Here you are.
Thank you, sir... Here is your change. Could you check it, please? Thank you for choosing our hotel. I hope you enjoyed your stay.
By the way, please forward my mail to this address.
Certainly, sir. We hope you have a good trip.

Hi, Sam. I want to buy a pet. Do you have any ideas?
You really should go to Rachel's pet store.
why? anything special there?
it's more than special. You can find as many kinds of animals as you can put a name to and more.
Oh, really? are there any snakes?
snakes? there are even rodents and monkeys?! it's a world of exotic pets.
that's terrific. I can't wait to check it out.
Hang on. are you sure you want to keep a non-traditional pet?
why not? it's so cool.
but it will pose a risk to your health.
pardon?
i mean, most reptiles carry some harmful bacteria. they are likely to cause immune system problems.
well, I didn't realize that. I don't believe it's a good choice to keep those pets, especially for families with young children.
oh, I should have thought of my brother's baby girl. Maybe I'll just have a dog instead of an exotic pet.
yes, good luck, Maria.

I’m a new student. My name’s Robert. Nice to meet you.
My name’s Sophie. Are you French?
Yes, I’m. Are you French, too?
No, I’m not. What nationality are you?
I’m Italian. Are you a teacher?
No, I’m not. What’s your job?
I’m a keyboard operator. What’s your job?
I’m an engineer.

I can’t believe Obama is our President.
I am proud to know that he is our President.
You voted for him, right?
Did you vote for him, because I know that I did.
I did, too. I have nothing but faith in Obama.
Really? I’m sure he will help better America.
We do need some change in this country.
Our country is already changing as it is.
You’re absolutely right. I trust that he will take good care of our country.

Do you have a reservation, sir?
No, I’m afraid we don’t.
I’m sorry the restaurant is full now. You have to wait for about half an hour. Would you like to have a drink at the lounge until there’s a table available.
No, thanks, I’ll come back later. May I reserve a table for two?
Yes, of course. May I have your name, sir?
Bruce
By the way, can we have a table by the window?
we’ll try to arrange it, but I can’t guarantee sir.
That’s fine.
your table's ready, sir? Please step this way.

Do you have coffee shops in China, too?
Yes, of course. There are many tea houses and bars in China, too. People can drink, eat and relax at these places.
You like to go to these places, don’t you?
Yes, sometimes the music there is so beautiful. It is very romantic. I can stay there for hours.
Do you often go there alone?
No, I often go there with my friends.

Hi there?! I am looking for a new car. I have this old Ford Pinto that I would like to trade in.
I see. You are in luck this month because all of our models are on sale?! it is a perfect time to buy a new car since it’s the end of the year.
Perfect?!
I like this one.
That is the Ford Focus. A very light but powerful vehicle. It comes with dual side airbags, power steering and power windows, tinted windows and your choice of either automatic or manual transmission.
Sounds like a good car?! How many miles to the gallon?
It is a very fuel efficient vehicle giving you about 34 miles in the city and 40 on the highway.
That is really convenient. Especially now that fuel prices are so high?!
What’s under the hood?
A very powerful 2.5- liter turbocharged engine, Trust me, this car is fast?!
Now for the most difficult question. What is the price tag for this lovely vehicle?
Very affordable mam. You can take it out of this lot today with 0 % down payment and no interest for the first year?! You can test drive it now and we can sign the papers when we get back.
Great?! Let’s do it?!

I wonder if you could help me, I'm looking for a room.
Well, I have got a vacancy.
What sort of price are you asking?
Eight dolls fifty a week excluding laundry.
Would it be convenient to see the room?
Can you call back later? We're right in the middle of lunch.

Could you give me an expense report? I would like to attach the invoices for my phone bill this season.
Here you are. Do you need glue?
That is very kind of you. I’m just running out of glue.
You’re welcome.

IBA, Jane speaking. How can I help you?
Hello. I'd like to speak to someone regarding my card.
Sorry, I'm not quite sure if I understand. In what way, Sir? Has your card been stolen?
No, no. Nothing at all like that. It's just that I applied for a credit card with you a while ago, my application was accepted, but I'm still waiting for my card.
Oh, I see, Sir. Well, it does take 5 working days to issue and post the card.
Yes, my application was accepted last Friday. Now it's Wednesday, that's more than 5 days.
Sorry, Sir, but it's 5 working days. This does not include weekends, so your card should be with you later this week.
Of course?! How silly of me?! Yes, 5 working days would mean this Friday, at the earliest.
I see. I'm sorry to trouble you.
It's no trouble at all, Sir. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nothing, thanks. I again apologise for the misunderstanding, bye for now.

What can I do for you, sir?
We'd like to order breakfast for tomorrow morning.
Yes, sir. What would you like?
Orange juice, scrambled eggs, bacon, toast and coffee.
OK, and when shall I bring it here?
About seven thirty.By the way, could you also bring me tomorrow's papers?
Of course, sir.

What shall we do when we find a shortage in the shipment?
You should do one of the two things - either to lodge a claim with the shipowner or with the insurance company.
Shall we leave it to the brokers?
Yes. They usually do it. Do they charge for that?
Of course. In Europe, they charge a commission of 1 % of the amount of the claim for their service.
Is it the same in America?
They do the work without charge to the importer. It's part of their service, isn't it?
Exactly. Is it enough to claim with an on board bill of lading?
No, you must also obtain a statement from the shipping agent certifying that the goods were actually loaded on their vessel for shipment.
I see. By the way, how do we prove the ownership of our goods?
You must provide full original set of ocean bills of lading original insurance policy or certificate and the original commercia invoice.
I see. Thank you.
You are welcome.

I'll be on business for a couple of days, could you take care of your sister?
OK, Mum, when will you be back?
I'll be back in ten days.

Passport, please, madam.
Just a minute, please. It's in my bag. Here it is.
Thank you. Please fill out the Baggage Declaration Form.
All right. Shall I enter all my belongings?
No, only the articles listed on the Declaration.

I’m hungry, let’s go grab a bite to eat.
Yeah me too.
Oh?! Can we stop at the shop really fast? I lost my makeup bag at the airport and I want to pick up a few things.
Will you take long?
No?! Five minutes I promise?!
Come on?! We have been here for almost an hour?! I thought you said you were only going to get a few things?! How long does it take you to pick out a lipstick and some nail polish?!
Are you crazy? You have no idea what you are talking about?! Just for my eyes I have to get eye-liner, an eyelash curler, eye shadow, an eyebrow pencil and mascara. Then I need to get foundation, liquid foundation.
Whoa whoa whoa?! Are you nuts? How much is all this going to cost? I’m looking at the price at each one of these little things and it’s outrageous?! This is basically a crayon?!
What about you? You spend as much or more money on your razors, after shave, cologne and gel?! Not to mention how much you spend on clothes and...
Fine?! Get the stupid thirty dollar crayon?!

Can I borrow five bucks?
No?!
Come on?! I'll pay you back on Tuesday.
Last time I lent you money, you never paid me back.
I promise if you lend me five dollars today, I will repay you in full next week.
Ok, but I'm taking your skateboard as collateral.
Fine?! I can't believe you don't trust me.
It's nothing personal, just business.

May I help you, sir?
Yes, please. I'm looking for a cotton polo shirt.
Any particular colour?
Not really. How about this one?
I like the design, but don't particularly care for the colour. Do you have that in other colours, too?
Well, they come in white, pale yellow, aqua, red and green. Will a white one do?
Yes. I prefer white - and may I see a pale yellow one, too?
Why, of course. Let's see... White... Pale yellow. Here you are, sir.

I’m so surprised to meet you in this remote village. Long time no see.
Yeah. How are you these days?

You look terrific and in good shape.
Thank you. How do you keep fit?
I do yoga twice a weeks
Yoga? It sounds interesting.
It was hard at the beginning, but now feel it's really relaxing. It makes me flexible.
Anything else?
Yes, I often go swimming. Are you interested in swimming?
Yes, I like it very much.

Are you going home now?
No, I'm not. What are you going to do? Are you going to work late?
No, I'm not. I'm going to look for an apartment.
An apartment? Why?
I'm going to try to find a place near the office.
Where are you living now?
Out in the suburbs. It's a long trip to work every day.
How are you going to find an apartment?
I'm going to buy a newspaper and check the classified ads.
Apartments in the city are expensive.
I know, but I'm going to enroll in a night school to take a course in business management.

no, no, you helped me with my computer last week. I want to repay the favor.
no, it's definitely my turn to treat you... you paid last time?!
oh, that was just a quick bite to eat---that doesn't count?!
ok, ok, how about we just go Dutch?
It's settled.
Listen, I'm still pretty new around here, would it be alright if you found the restaurant?
ok... sure.

I am waiting for a fax but just now I found there’s something wrong with the fax machine.
What’s wrong with the fax machine? Is it urgent?
Yes, very urgent. And there is no other fax machine around. And the office of our boss is closed, so I can not use his machine either. And his secretary is out. Do you have any suggestion?
Either call this extension number 0085 or ask them to send the fax to you as e-mail, you print it out.

Hey, Jim. It's time to wake up and get out of bed.
Do I have to get up now?
You'd better get up, or you'll be late.
What're you talking about? My alarm even hasn't gone off yet.
Yes, it did. It went off thirty minutes ago. You slept right through it. You're like a dead person while you sleep.
I must have slept right through it.
Rise and shine?! Sleepyhead?!
Just let me sleep five more minutes.
The early bird gets the worm.
I know, I know. But I don't want any worms. Ha?! Ha?!
If you don't make an effort now, later on it'll be a lot tougher for you.

What shall we do tonight?
How about the cinema?
That's a good idea. We haven't seen a film for ages. What would you like to see?
Oh I don't know. Titanic?
Titanic? That old film? but I've seen it before?!

I’Ve been told you might have a vacant room.
Yes. I have a spare room.
How much are you asking?
10.00 dollars a night.
Could I see the room, please?
Sure.Come on in.

Sit down, please. What's wrong with you?
I feel cold, and I'm shivering. I have a terrible headache and a sore throat.
How long have you been like that?
About a day.
Let me have a look at your throat first. Please open your mouth and say " ah ".
Ah... And show me your tongue... Thank you. That'll do. You have slight tonsillitis, and your throat is inflamed. How is your appetite?
Not so good. Now, let me take your temperature. Please put this thermometer under your armpit and let me feel your pulse? Your pulse is weak.
Do I have a temperature, doctor?
Yes, you have a high fever. I'd like to give you a blood test.

Yikes?! What was that noise?
I had to blow my nose.
Did you have to blow right next to the phone? Did you hear that?
Of course I heard that. I thought a plane had crashed into your house.
It wasn't that loud.
I will blow my nose sometime for you, and you'll see.
Okay. I'll take your word for it. I thought you had an elephant in your house.
You're funny.
What did you say? I think I've gone deaf.
I'm going into the bathroom to blow my nose. I'll be right back.

Can I have the check please?
Right away, sir.
Is this amount correct?
Yes, sir, it is.
Thank you, the service was good
Please come again.

Nowadays fewer and fewer people go to the movie theaters to see films. So I am afraid that the film studios are really getting hard time to survive.
What you said is true. But the film producers there are more flexible ways to get more audience. For example, to make more movie Ccds, so people will spend money buying them. But it is true that cinemas are losing the attraction they used to have in the past.
Yes. Take myself for example. I seldom go to cinemas, but it doesn't mean I no longer see films ; instead, I see films at home-watching Ccds.

Okay, well I’m sure you have a number of questions to ask me regarding the position.
Yes, well Miss Childs did give mean overview of the position over the phone, but there were some details I’d like to clarify.
Well feel free to ask me anything, and I’ll try to fill in the details. Could I first ask about the remuneration package?
Yes, of course. That’s quite an important point, isn’t it? As a junior sub editor we offer a starting salary of 150,000 HK dollars per annum. This doesn’t include a generous housing allowance also.
I understand. And are there other bonuses included?
Well, apart from full health insurance we do offer a company staff bonus scheme linked to readership numbers. But we could go through all the details of that at a later date.
Well, Mr. Parsons, I am flexible when it comes to salary. The opportunity to work in Hong Kong for you is the most important thing for me.
Excellent. Well, what other questions do you have Rebecca?

We need to take the accounts system offline to carry out the upgrade. But don't worry, it won't cause too much inconvenience. We're going to do it over the weekend.
How long will the system be down for?
We'll be taking everything offline in about two hours' time. It'll be down for a minimum of twelve hours. If everything goes according to plan, it should be up again by 6 pm on Saturday.
That's fine. We've allowed forty-eight hours to be on the safe side.

Welcome to IBA. Can I help you?
Yes, please. I'm here for an International Settlement. Our company has to effect payment, and it needs to be done today. Here's the advice slip for the payment.
Thanks. I'm sorry to say that you need to get this stamped. There is no stamp on this slip and it is essential before I can process it for you.
I see. So, I need to stamp it. And sign it too?
Yes, that's right. Down here, at the bottom right hand corner to show that you agree to pay the printed amount.
I'll go back to the office and get it sorted and pop back later.
Thanks, bye for now.

That's the warehouse where the large items of office equipment are stored. If I ordered a desk today, how would it be before I got delivery in Scotland?
Well, I think perhaps you'd better speak to our Production Manager, Mr. Yao. You'll meet him when we go over to the factory.

Excuse me. I have just missed the connection plane due to the heavy fog in London. Can I change my ticket now?
Please Show your ticket and passport.
Here you are.
Which flight do you want to change?
The next one to my destination. I have to be there as soon as possible.

Hi, can I speak with the apartment manager, please?
Hello, this is the apartment manager speaking.
I'm calling about the apartment for rent on Main Street.
Would you be interested in seeing the apartment?
I would love to see it.
Are you free today at around 6 p. m.?
Yes, I will be able to make it then.
Well, I'll see you at 6 p. m. Do you know how to get there?
I used to live in that area.
I'll give you an application form when I see you.
That sounds good. Do I need to bring anything?
No. Just bring yourself.

Good afternoon. Welcome to China. May I see your passport, customs and health declaration form?
Yes, here you are.
Thank you. W hat's your occupation, Mr. Smith?
I'm the general manager of the Far-East Industry Corporation. You are here on business, aren't you?
Yes, I have been invited by the East Import
I see. Do you have anything to declare?
Yes, I have some foreign currency to declare.
Would you please fill out this currency declaration form? It's a record of the foreign currency you have brought in.
All right.

How much does it cost for a bus pass?
It'll be $ 65 for a monthly pass.
Is there anything cheaper than that?
If you're in school, you can get a student pass.
Well, I am how much will that cost?
The pass is free.
I don't have to pay for anything?
You'll only have to pay for the monthly sticker.
How much is the monthly sticker?
It's $ 24 for each month.
I'll take the student bus pass.
Okay, I'll get you one.

I see there are some workmen on the site. When is the building work due to start?
Well, it'll take three weeks to demolish the old building and clear away the debris. We should be ready to start the construction work in week 23.
How long will the sub contractors be on site?
About ten weeks in total if everything goes according to plan.
I'm sure it will.
So, we should be able to start moving the machinery in during week 34.
I'll confirm that date with our suppliers.

Andrew's Hair Salon, this is Andrew.
Andrew, this is Linda Chen.
Hi Linda, what can I do for you?
I need to set up an appointment to get my hair fixed.
For what day?
Tuesday morning.

Have you bought a bus pass yet?
I'm not getting one.
Why is that?
It's cheaper if I don't buy one.
Buying a bus pass will save you money. How do you figure that?
There's no limit to how often you can use your bus pass.
Really? Plus, you don't have to use change for the bus anymore.
I like that.
You want to buy one now?
I'm going to.

Are you ready to order, sir?
Yes, I would like a roast duck and my friend wants steaks.
How do you like your steaks?
I'd like it medium-well.
OK, sir, wait a minute.

Hello, I want to know how much it costs to have a manicure and pedicure.
Usually it's 60 dollars for a manicure, and 80 dollars for a pedicure. But with this special discount, the total for both is only one hundred and 20 dollars, and you can get them painted.
That's nice. I'd like to give it a try. I think I like passion red. please.
Alright.Do you want your cuticles cut, too?
No. Would you like the shapes square or round?
Square. But with round at the edges, please.
All right, it's done. Please follow me to the drying section. How long will it take to get them dry?
Ten or about five minutes. You'll be all set.
I see, thank you.

Hello, this is Lucy. May I speak to Mr. Smith?
Oh, hello, Lucy. What's up?
I'm afraid I can't come to work today, Mr. Smith.
Oh, what's wrong with you?
I've got a fever and a very sore throat.
Well, you sound ill over the phone.
Yes. I have to stay in bed today, but I'll be able to come tomorrow.
That's all right. Have a good rest until you feel well enough.
Thank you, Mr. Smith. Goodbye.
Goodbye, Lucy.

Waiter, we have been waiting for 20 minutes. Would you mind hurrying?
I am sorry, sir, the fish you ordered will take a longer time because we make it with fresh fish.
That's fine. Would you please bring me some wine?
Sure, is dry white wine OK?
Yes.
Thank you.

Hi Bob, I won't be in work tomorrow.
Why, what's the problem?
I have a dentist appointment.
Okay.

I've come about your wools. According to our market survey, wools are likely to find a ready market in our country.
Wonderful?! We can meet your requirements and the offer is ready for you. Here it is. The unit price is USD 15.00 per kilogram.
Do you quote CIF or FOB?
It's FOB Shanghai. Could you quote the price of CIF Hamburg?
Certainly, that's easy. We will work out our CIF offer this evening. Could you come again tomorrow, say, at 10 AM?
Okay, see you tomorrow?!

Hi?! Do you want a fill-up?
Yes, please. Which type of gas do you want? Regular, Super, or Premium Unleaded?
What's the price difference?
Regular is $ 1.15, Super is $ 1.25 and Premium is $ 1.39.
Just fill it up with Regular, Unleaded, please. Do you want me to check the tires and the fluids?
Yes, I would. Thanks a lot.

Is your father in the habit of having naps?
Yes, all of us have naps.
Don't you feel dizzy when you have to get up?
No, not at all.

Excuse me. I need some storybooks in easy English. Do you have anything likethat?
Well, there are a lot of storybooks upstairs in our children's section. Some are written for young children, others for teens. Maybe some of them will suit your needs.
I'll go take a look. Thanks for your help.
You're welcome.

Good morning. I need to speak with the property manager, please.
Good morning. You are speaking to the property manager.
While it was raining last night, water started leaking in from the ceiling.
Was it leaking in the bedroom?
It was in the living room.
Can you tell me which floor you are on?
We are on the bottom floor.
I would like to look at the leak. Will you be home this morning?
Yes, someone will be here to let you in.
Just in case you have to leave, we will just use the master key.

How much is your last salary?
I have earned 10,000 a year including bonuses.
How much do you want us to pay you?
I like to be paid more than that. Hopefully, 150,000 a year.
To be honest, I left the company to get more income.

I hope you can help. I've got a bit of a problem with your ATM.
Of course, that's my job. Oh, dear. What's happened?
Well, it's eaten my card?! It won't give it back?!
I see... calm down, don't worry. May I ask what were you doing when it took your card?
Yes. I was only entering my PIN. I'm terrible at remembering it, I'm so forgetful, you see.
Mmmm... and exactly how many times did you enter it, please?
Maybe three times. As I said, I always forget it.
Ah?! Don't worry ; it's just a security measure. If someone uses a card and cannot get the right PIN after three attempts, the bank keeps the card in case it's stolen. Just contact the bank and we'll get it back to you.
Oh, I see. So if I call my branch they can sort everything out for me?
Yes, they'll be happy to help. Believe me, it happens to many people.
I'd better try harder to memorise my PIN in future. Thanks.

Is this the counter to pick up parcels?
Yes, it is. I want to pick up my parcels.
Please show me your parcel order.
OK. Here you are.
Let me check your parcel number. Song Ping's parcel number should be CP 06230221 5 CN.
Here is your parcel.
Thank you.
Not at all.

Hi Brittany. What are you doing with all of your clothes on your bed?
I'm trying to decide what to wear to school the first day.
Oh, A. Mom didn't tell you?
Didn't tell me what?
What? This Bs' school you're going to is going to make your life easy.
What are you talking about brother? Spill it.
Uniforms, sis, no more worrying about appearances?!
You mean I have to wear the same thing every day?
MOM?!

What would you like for your main dish?
Steak, please.
How would you like it?
Medium rare, please.
Anything else, sir? May I have a glass of red wine, please?
Of course.

Mr. Smith, do you like the hotel we booked?
Yes, we do. We like it very much.
I've come to make sure that your stay in Beijing is a pleasant one.
Thank you so much.

David, we have been doing business for three years, haven't we?
Yes, I'm glad we've had very pleasant cooperation in the previous years.
And your achievement for promoting our clothes was great in the three years. So, I wish to apply for the sole agency of your product in our local market. If you give us the agency, that will be more substantial for our cooperation.
To be frank, you are not the only one who applies for an agent for us in your country. I'd like to know some ideas of terms on which you would be willing to operate as our agent.
As we are a well-established company, we are very familiar with the customers' needs. Besides, we can make full use of our good connections with the wholesalers and retailers here and develop a good market for your products if appointed as your agent.
Sounds reasonable. I will tell my boss about you agent application. Another question, what do you think is the minimum annual sales you can guarantee?
To be on the safe side, and for garment of all materials, sizes, and styles, I think the amount will be 50,000 pieces a year.
Well. As our sole agency, you will neither handle the same or similar products of other origins nor re-export our goods to any other area outside your own.
No, certainly not.

Excuse me. I bought this circulator here yesterday but it doesn't work.
Oh, let's see what's wrong.

Where can I find the produce?
Aisle A is where you'll find all the produce.
What sales do they have today?
I'm sure something is on sale. Please check with the produce person.

Hello, this is Steven from Blue Sky Co. May I speak to Mr. James?
Speaking.
Excuse my troubling you. You purchased our products last year and now I am following up to find out about their workings. Are they still in good condition now?
Yeah, exactly?! I bought them last year. En... at present, they are still in good state.
That's it?! All of them have first-class quality and performance. Besides, we adopt advanced technology. Now we have developed new products. They are much better than what you have bought.
Your company is developing so fast. Maybe later on I will plan to buy more.
That's great?! Thanks for your support. If any, please remember to call us.
I am afraid I have to say goodbye now?!
Bye, Mr. James?!
Bye?!

Ms.Dawson, I need you to take a dictation for me.
Yes, sir... This should go out as an intra-office memorandum to all employees by this afternoon.Are you ready?
Yes, sir.Go ahead.
Attention all staff... Effective immediately, all office communications are restricted to email correspondence and official memos.The use of Instant Message programs by employees during working hours is strictly prohibited.
Sir, does this apply to intra-office communications only? Or will it also restrict external communications?
It should apply to all communications, not only in this office between employees, but also any outside communications.
But sir, many employees use Instant Messaging to communicate with their clients.
They will just have to change their communication methods. I don't want any - one using Instant Messaging in this office.It wastes too much time?! Now, please continue with the memo.Where were we?
This applies to internal and external communications.
Yes.Any employee who persists in using Instant Messaging will first receive a warning and be placed on probation.At second offense, the employee will face termination.Any questions regarding this new policy may be directed to department heads. Is that all?
Yes.Please get this memo typed up and distributed to all employees before 4 pm.

Do you have everything?
Let's see... my ID card, my passport, and my suitcase. I'm pretty sure I've got everything.

This is Dunlin. Is this Mrs Smith speaking?
Yes, what can I do for you?
I just want to call and say thank you for letting me interview yesterday.
You are welcome, Mr. Sun.
And I also want to know what the status is of the position.
Sorry, we haven't made the decision at all. But we should be making the decision by the end of this week. And we'll get in touch with you once we make it.
Do you have any questions we didn't cover in the interview?
No. Thank you, I am looking forward to hearing from you. Bye-bye.
Thank you for the calling. Bye-bye.

I often sneeze after having a bad itch inside my nose. Sometimes this is accompanied by an itching throat.
Any other discomfort?
Yes. Sometimes I can notice a constriction in the chest and shortness of breath after a fit of sneezing. And I often suffer from a running nose with a profuse watery discharge.
Does it occur seasonally or all year round?
It has been seasonal during these past three years.
Are you sensitive to other things?
Yes, things like seafood and penicillin-type drugs.
OK. Let me examine your nose. According to your case history and the examination, I believe that it's allergic rhinitis.
What useful treatment can you offer?
I'll give you a series of specific skin tests. Then we'll know exactly what substances you're allergic to. Then I'll give you some causes of desensitization therapy.

Miss, would you like to try this free sample of our new suntan cream?
Sure, why not?
This is a new product of company this year. It's oil-free.
I see. It feels very light on the skin.
It gives your skin a very natural healthy look. I like the cool smell, too.

So how can I make it?
First you make a list of what you wanna buy...
But I’Ve gotta have the budge before anything else.
Well, that’s a problem, isn’t it?

Did you have a part-time job when you were still in school?
No, I was way too busy studying all the time. How about you?
Yeah, I worked about twenty hours a week in a pizza restaurant.
What was that like?
It was always very busy there. What did you do?
I stood behind the register and took pizza orders.
Did you get any perks on the job?
Yeah, I got to eat as much pizza as I could for free.

Okay. I'd like to change some euro into US dollars, please.
Sure. How much would you like to change?
Six hundred euro.
Very good. May I see your passport?
Here you are.
How would you like your bills?
In fifties please.

Why are you reading the classifieds? What do you need?
I'm looking for a bookcase, but I don't want to buy a new one.
Are you having any luck?
Not really. There aren't any used bookcases listed. But there are a few rummage sales on Saturday. I think I'll go to them.
Do you mind if I go with you?
Not at all. These private sales are great places to bargain. And sometimes you can find terrific things among all the junk.
I learned to negotiate from my mother. I thought I was pretty good at bargaining, but I had a problem the other day at Kimble's Department Store.
What happened?
I wanted to buy a beautiful wool sweater for my girlfriend. It was priced at forty dollars, so I started by offering the salesclerk thirty.

Do you do a lot of your shopping online?
Not really. I like looking on the internet at what’s available, but I usually prefer to actually see and touch what I’m buying before I pay for it. Sometimes, I’ll look at something in a shop, but lat No. I’m a little worried about security. You never know who’s trying to find out your codes and passwords. Aren’t you worry about that?
Not really. I know that it happens, but if you buy from reputable companies with secure websites, you should be ok.
Even though I use online shopping facilities, I don’t think it’s the best way to sho
I’m surprised to hear you say that. I thought you loved anything technological.
I do. I’m a big fan of using new technology, but I don’t want to sit in front of a computer screen all day. I think people need to get out and interact with other people. So, how about coming to the department store with me? I want to see if there are any new summer clothes on sale yet.
Sure. I’d love to join you. Can we stop by the computer store? I just want to see if they have something.
Sure. While you’re in the computer store. I will visit the book store opposite. I like to browse through their books and see if they have anything interesting.
Ok. I’Ve finished online. Let’s go.
I’ll just get some money and my credit card.
Thanks for reminding me. I had forgotten to get mine.

Please help yourself at your dishes. I hope you’ll enjoy what you’Ve got.
It suits my taste. You are really a good cook.
Would you like to try my special recipe?
Wow, let me try. It tastes nice.
How did you make it?
It’s as easy as pie. I always follow recipes.

Mr. Dick. Does the recommendation of the university play an important role?
Yes. In fact, the recommendation letter written by the university is an indirect self-recommendation. In the long period of cooperation, the university has established good relationship with the companies or organizations, they trust each other well. If your university recommends you, you can be approved more easily.
But I find that most of the recommendation letters written by universities are the same. So I doubt its authority.
More and more persons have the same discoveries since most universities do that in order to save energy. If your university also does like this, you can look for other methods, because such kinds of recommendations say nothing for you. Could you tell me whether or not I send out my resume with it?
It depends. If it has something special or useful, I suggest you send it out.

Taylor, can you tell me how to apply for a job on the Internet?
Just fill out an application. Do I have to send an E-mail?
You are expected to know the E-mail address of the unit.
But I still don't know which unit is in need of staff. Send out an application through Job-wanted on the website.
Can any unit see my information?
It's a two-way choice. And your application will be read.
Which websites offer this service?
Sina, 21st Century Talent Net, and a few others.
Thank you.

Don’t throw your weight around. I can’t bear you any more.
I dare you to say that again.

Were you a leader when you were in college?
Yes. I was Propaganda department minister of our university.
Did you get any honors or awards at your university?
No. It’s a pity about it. Were you involved in any club activities at your university?
Yes. I was a member of the basketball Society. I like playing basketball.
What extracurricular activities did you usually take part in at your college?
I sometimes played basketball and sometimes played football.

You want to argue your ticket today?
Yes. That is why I'm here.
Tell me your argument.
I was pulled over for allegedly speeding.
Are you sure you weren't speeding?
To be honest, I really wasn't. What speed were you going?
I was under the speed limit. I was going 35, when the speed limit was 40.
I'm just going to let you go, since the arresting officer isn't here.
What about my ticket? Do I still need to pay?
Don't worry about it.
I'm so glad for your help.

Annie, do you like shopping online?
Yes, I like it, because it's convenient. Last week, I tried to buy a new cellphone online, but I didn't know how to pay for it.
First, you should open an account at the online bank. After that, you can buy anything you want online.
Are there many things online?
Sure. You can find everything all over the world. Let's check it out online?!
( They log in a shopping website. ) That's amazing. Oh, an on line virtual supermarket? Let's click to check it out. Oh, I got it. It simulates the real supermarket, which makes it feel so real.
Mom will love it. She loves shopping in supermarkets.

Ah, Bob. Just the person I wanted to see.
So what is it?
You gotta help me out this time, buddy.
Another tough thing, I guess.

Hey?! What happened??! My song was only half way through and it skipped to the next song.
I don't know what happened?! You cancelled the song, didn't you, Jack?
No, I didn't.
Really?! Then, is the machine broken or...

Good evening, Do you have a reservation?
Yes. The reservation under Mr. Watson.
Ah, yes, a table for four at 8 Em, no, thanks. I think we'll go straight to the table, By the way. may I check my overcoat here?
Certainly, sir. We'll keep it in the cloakroom for you. Here is your number. When you leave, show it to the waiter behind the counter, please.
Thank you. Could you show us to our table now? Would you please follow me, please?
Thank you. This is your table. It's Number 10.

Hello, ma’am. Can I help you? I’m looking for a sweater.
What size are you looking for?
Well, I’m looking for size 10 but you don’t have it.
How about this one? I think it looks terrific on you.
Yes, I like the color. Can I try it on?
Sure. The fitting room is on your right.
It fits well. I like it a lot. What do you think?
You look pretty in red.
Oh, it’s my favorite. How much is it?
$ 29.99.
Okay. I’ll take it. Thank you very much for your help.
You’re welcome.

Do you have any cars available?
We have only one mid-size car left.
Great, what's the rate per day?
It's 40 $ plus tax per day on limited mileage.
I'm going to need it for three days. Can I see your driver's license?
Sure, here is my driver's license.
Please sign here.

Are you ready to order? I think that we have a pretty good idea of what we would like to order.
Let me tell you about the specials of the day, which are chicken in a wine sauce with capers, and grilled garlic shrimp.
I was wondering if the chef could leave off the sauce.
The chef would be happy to accommodate your special requests.
I am a vegetarian. Do you have any vegetarian selections?
You could choose the roasted vegetable and garlic pizza or the goat cheese and candied walnut salad.
I think that we will split the roasted vegetable and garlic pizza.
That is a good selection, and I can bring your salads now or serve them with your entree.
You can bring us our salads when you bring us our entree.

I can't open this email attachment our Paris office has sent me. Are you sure you're using the right program?
Well, yes it's definitely the same program but I might have the wrong version. Their system is newer than ours.
That's why you can't open it. You'll have to upgrade before you can read the file.

What kind of character do you think you have?
Generally speaking, l am an open-minded person.
What is your strongest trait?
Cheerfulness and friendliness.
How would your friends or colleagues describe you?
They say Mr. Sun is a friendly, sensitive, caring and determined person.
What personality do you admire?
I admire a person who is honest, flexible and easy-going.
How do you get along with others?
I get on well with others.

Hi, I need to make an appointment to see the doctor.
What seems to be the problem?
I have a rash that I need a doctor to look at.
Do you have a fever with that rash?
No, it just itches a lot.
I have openings on Tuesday or Wednesday. Which would be best for you?
I need an appointment on Tuesday.
Fine, I am putting you down for 9
I would like to see Dr. Jones.
I can schedule you with him with no problem.
We look forward to seeing you.

Wow?! What's the hold up?
It’s probably just people trying to get an early start out of the city for the weekend. Nobody sticks around in the summer.
Really? Then, I guess I won’t have a hard time finding a room or getting a cab?
Actually, you might because there’s a big convention in town this weekend.
I’m not too worried about it. I always seem to find something.

Hello, how can I help you today?
I'd like to withdraw some money from my account.
Please fill out this slip stating how much you wish to withdraw.
Well, actually, it's quite a substantial amount. Here's my Bank Book. Will that cause a problem?
On your account there is no limit to over the counter withdrawals, it won't cause a problem.
Here's your money, 10,000 RIB. Please count it before you leave.
Yes, that seems to be all in order. Thanks very much.

Quality is very important to us. We work to very low tolerance levels. We need to have guaranteed supplies of consistently high quality raw materials. Over the years we've built up very good relationships with our suppliers.
Do you have many different suppliers?
Yes. There are about fifty names on our approved supplier list, but for raw materials we tend to deal with three local companies.

Mary, can you tell me how you keep in shape?
You'll never be in shape until you eat less and take more exercise. Now, tell me what you often eat.
I often eat fish and eggs. Do you eat a lot of vegetables?
Oh yes, and fruits. I love fruits very much.
What do you like to drink?
Well, I never drink alcohol, coffee or tea. Whatever would you like to drink?
I drink a lot of milk. I drink milk almost every day. How often do you exercise?
Well, I walk every day. It's a good diet and a regular exercise.
Yes, quite right.

I am sorry, but I cannot stay for the rest of class today.
Why do you need to leave early?
I don’t feel so good. What doesn’t feel right?
I feel as if I am going to be sick to my stomach.
Perhaps you should get checked out at the Student Health Center before you go home.
I have some medicine at home that I could take.
Are you going to be OK to drive home, or would you like someone to go with you?
Thank you, but my friend is in the library, and he can give me a ride home.
We hope that you are feeling better soon. E-mail me if you have any questions.

Your boyfriend is so considerate to you. When do you plan to marry?
It’s still up in the air. There is something wrong between us.

We're considering of ordering 200 computers, but I'm wondering about the price you'll possibly offer.
Our price will be not less than $ 5000.
Your price is higher than I expected. Could you give us a little discount?
This is already our best price. But the price is always negotiable and you should consider our quantity of order.
Well, what would you suggest? Could you make it $ 4500?
I'm afraid that there is no room to negotiate the price. This is the best price we can quote.
Can we meet each other half way?
What do you mean? Let's close the deal at $ 4800, OK?
You drive a hard bargain?! OK, that's a deal.

I'm now on the Songshan airport getting ready for departure. I realized that I might have left my watch.
Yes, Ma'am. May I have your name and room number?
My name is Terry. I stayed last night in your hotel in room 132. What kind of watch is it?
It's a brand-new Seiko wrist watch.
Yes, we have it.
Oh, I'm glad to hear that. Would you kindly send it to the Hilton Hotel?

What are your thoughts on the apartment?
I think that it’s absolutely gorgeous.
There aren’t any problems with the apartment?
I think that the apartment looks very nice, but I do see some problems.
What problems?
I did notice a few stains in the carpet.
We will have the carpet cleaned before you move in.
You will?
Yes, but other than that, are there any more problems?
That was the only thing that I saw that was wrong with the apartment.
I’m happy that you find this apartment so appealing.
It is. I love it.

That China-gown of Tang-Dynasty style is so beautiful. Would you show it to me, please?
Absolutely. Here it is.
Could I try it on?
Please do, the fitting-room is over there.
It feels a little tight around the waist. Do you have a bigger one?
I'm sorry. We don't have this color in your size. We have some green ones in your size. Would you please have a look at this green one?
OK. How much does it cost?
It's 486 yuan.
Mmm, it is reasonable.

Mrs. Wang, would you give us an idea of the price you regard as workable?
As I said before, your price is so high that we find it difficult to make a bid. We hope you will take the initiative and bridge the gap.
Just to comply, we're ready to reduce the price by 5 percent. I hope this concession of ours will get the ball rolling.
So do we. Certainly it's a step forward on your side. But the gap is still too wide.
The ball is in your court, Mrs.Wang. What price would you suggest?
To make your offer workable, I think you should take another step down as big as the one you've just taken.
That won't do. You see, our profit margin is very narrow. It simply can't stand such a big cut.
I hate to disappoint you, Mr. Brown, but if that's the case, we have no alternative but to cover our requirements elsewhere.
Do think it over, please. We sincerely hope our discussion will come to a successful conclusion.
Well, I'm not authorized to agree to such a big reduction. Would you mind waiting a day or two, until I get a reply from the home office?
Not at all. Shall we meet again, say, on Friday morning?
Good. Friday morning at 9.

Good morning. Good morning.This is Mary.Can I speak to Anne please?
I’m sorry She isn’t in at the moment. She will come back at half past nineCan I take a message for her?
Thank you.But I will call her later
OK.Goodbye.
Goodbye.

Hi, Jane. How are you doing this morning?
I’m all right, thanks. Just a little tired.
Late night?
Yeah, I got home around two.

We've been waiting here for nearly ten minutes now, and there still isn't a bus in sight. I'm afraid we'll be late for the party. Have you got the time, Tom?
Yes, my watch says a quarter to seven. but there is something wrong with my watch?!
But you bought it only last month.
Yes, but ever since I bought it, it gains about five minutes a day, so I' Ve got to have it repaired.
How long will it take us to get there?
I think about ten minutes by bus.
It's not far away, then. Let's walk, it's beginning to rain.
Wait?! I think I see a bus coming now.
Let's hope it's the No. 22 bus.

Hi, Mr. Smith. I'm Doctor Hawkins. Why are you here today?
I found it would be a good idea to get a check-up.
Yes, well, you haven't had one for 5 years. You should have one every year.
I know. I figure as long as there is nothing wrong, why go see the doctor?
Well, the best way to avoid serious illnesses is to find out about them early. So try to come at least once a year for your own good.
Ok. Let me see here. Your eyes and ears look fine. Take a deep breath, please. Do you smoke, Mr. Smith?
Yes.
Smoking is the leading cause of lung cancer and heart disease, you know. You really should quit.
I've tried hundreds of times, but I just can't seem to kick the habit.
Well, we have classes and some medications that might help. I'll give you more information before you leave.
Ok, thanks doctor.

Good afternoon. Mr. Tylor's office?
I'm afraid you've got the wrong extension.
I'm sorry, but could you please transfer this call to Mr. Tylor's office?
Sure, please hold on.
Thank you. Now Mr. Tylor's on the line. Go ahead, please.
You are so kind, you helped me a lot.
You are welcome. Bye?!

Good afternoon, Lexington Software. Angelina Dawson, how can I help?
Hello, this is Quinn from IBA.
Ah, hello Quinn. Oh dear, you are calling to tell me there is a problem, aren't you?
I'm afraid so, yes.
Hmm... well, it was my first attempt?! Is it a very big mistake, or can we just alter it?
Unfortunately it's rather a big mistake.
What do you recommend we do?
I would recommend we scrap this one and you bring in another set as soon as possible.
I trust your judgement. Thank you, Quinn. I'll be back tomorrow with a new set. Bye for now.

Oh?!?!?! I have a horrible toothache.
You should go to the dentist.
I hate dentists.
Well, suffer then. If you have a toothache, you have to go to the dentist. It always hurts.
I hate going.
Stop being such a baby. If it really hurts that much, just let them knock you out.
O. K., O. K., I’ll go.
Good. You'll feel better after you do.

Hi, I would like to purchase a one way ticket to Brussels, please.
Certainly sir, this is our train schedule. We have an express train departing every morning and an overnight train that departs at nine pm.
How long does it take to get there?
About twelve hours. We currently have tickets available only for first class on the express train. If you’d like, you can choose a sleeper on the overnight train which is a bit less expensive.
Yeah, I think that is the best option. Do you serve food on the train? Twelve hours is such a long time?!
Yes, of course. There is a dining car towards the front of the train where they serve meals at all times. We do provide complimentary water and coffee for all of our passengers.
Great?! I’ll take it. Here you are sir. Your train leaves from platform number nine at nine on the dot. Remember to be here at least thirty minutes before your scheduled departure time or else you might miss your train?!
I understand. Thank you very much?! Have a great trip.

I would like to take a trip to the beach this weekend.
A trip to the beach would be fun. How is the weather going to be?
The forecast says that it will be warm on the weekend.
So do you think it'll be perfect weather for the beach?
It sounds like it will be. I really hope it doesn't get cold. That would ruin things, I want to go so badly.
The weather in California is unpredictable, so you never know.
That is true. The weather is constantly changing. It would be nice if the weather would never change.
That would be great, then we could plan things sooner. True.
Predictable weather would make life easier.

Some companies use to ban dating among employees, but now they have realized it is something in avertable. People spend so much time at work. It is not surprising for one to have a crash on the other. If we think positively, office love can be beneficial to company.
Beneficial? I don’t think so. If two employees get married, they will leave at the same time for a honeymoon, or later one of them will stay at home taking care of babies. If they break up, the company will probably have to relocate one of them to make the workplace more comfortable. By any means, the company must spare extra efforts to solve problems brought by an office dating.
But if two employees are in love, they will be happy. Happy people are more productive. If they develop an intimate relation with each other, they are willing to share knowledge and experience. It can help to improve work efficiency.
I doubt that.

Do you eat a lot of healthy food?
Compared with healthy food, unhealthy food just tastes so much better. And anyway, I believe if you live a low stress Life and are active, you can get away with eating whatever you like. It's all in the mind.
You have the point. I think cancer is caused by more worry than by the things we consume. Some good things you should try are cranberry juice, wild rice and yoghurt.
What's special about these things?
Cranberry juice is very good for destroying harmful bacteria in your guts because it's very acidic. Wild rice is high in fibre so it's good for your guts and it's high in protein and minerals-I think it's also tastier than normal rice. Yoghurt's good because it's also rich in protein, vitamins and is also acidic. People have been making yoghurt for thousands of years and if you have it every day, your guts will be much more settled.
Thanks. I'm going to follow your advice and pop down to the supermarket right now.

I've been so tired recently. I've been trying, but I don't think I'm up to this job.
You need to take a break, maybe a vacation. Oh, yes, indeed. I've run out of steam.
To be honest, I want to be in a different environment.
Is that so?
Yes, I don't want to be stuck in a rut. I want to move on.
Have you decided?
Yes. I want to get a better job.
Could you tell me why you want to quit?
I quit just because of the dissatisfying salary and the trouble in getting along with my colleagues.
Oh, that's terrible. Do you want to get a higher salary in our company?
I'm afraid not. I've promised my girlfriend. We'll travel southwards to find a job that offers higher pay.
OK, I'd like to say that I've really enjoyed working with you. However, I think you should work harder for your new job and then you can ask for higher pay.
Thank you so much for your advice. And every best wish for your new job.
Thank you.

The train is leaving. Hurry up?! Which car are we in?
Let me see. Oh, No. 11. Here we are, Car 11. Let's get in.
Seats No. 20 and 21. It’s nice that we’Ve got a window seat.
Let's put our suitcases on the rack.
Oh, the baggage rack is full. Put them under the seat for the time being.
All right.

So, how should we get to the theatre? Let's take the bus.
I hate the bus system in London?! The bus drivers are rude, the buses are never on time, and there are few people around who can help you.
It's not that bad. You probably just had a bad experience once.
It wasn't just once. Every single time I take the bus, something bad happens to me or to someone else on the bus.
We could take the subway, but we'd have to go three stops along one line and then change trains twice. Train fares are twice as expensive as the bus fare, too.
If we don't hurry up, we'll miss the show. Should we take the bus?
We're already late, so I think we had better take a taxi.
I don't think we'll be able to find a taxi very easily during hush hours. Let's just take the bus.
Fine. Have a look at the timetable to find out when the next one arrives.
It looks like it should be here in just a few minutes. don't worry. Nothing bad will happen. I'll even buy your ticket for you.
Thanks, that was nice of you.
See, now something good has happened to you on a bus trip?!

Let's go over this plan again. From Vancouver, we bike along the border all the way to Winnipeg. And that is mostly flat, right?
Relatively, once we're out of Alberta, anyway. Then it's hills again in Aitoba.
And from Winnipeg we go around the lakes through Toronto, right?
That's right. And up in to Quebec. And that's where we stop.
It doesn't sound like that much when we go over the plan but that's a long, long ride. Are you ready for the cross country of a lifetime?

Good morning, sir. What can I do for you?
I'm Bill. I'm in Room 908. Can you change the room for me? It's too noisy. My wife was woken up several times by the noise the baggage elevator made. She said it was too much for her.
I'm awfully sorry, sir. I do apologize. Room 908 is at the end of the corridor. It's possible that the noise is heard early in the morning when all is quiet.
Anyhow, I'd like to change our room.
No problem, sir. We'll manage it, but we don't have any spare room today. Could you wait till tomorrow? The American People-to-people Education Delegation will be leaving tomorrow morning. There'll be some rooms for you to choose from.
All right. I hope we'll be able to enjoy our stay in a quiet suite tomorrow evening and have a sound sleep.
Be sure. I'll make a note of that. Everything will be taken care of. And if there is anything more you need, please let us know.

It's time for bed.
I'm not ready to go to sleep. I'm not tired.
It's quite late, and you have an early day tomorrow.
I'm not going to be able to fall asleep.
Why don't you try counting sheep?
I've tried that before. It really doesn't work.
That's beside the point, you still need to go to bed.
Why can't I just stay up until I fall asleep?
If I let you do that, then you're just going to be up all night.
I promise I'll go to sleep soon.
No, you're going to sleep now, so good night.
See you in the morning.

I see myself as being honest, diligent, persevering and creative. And I have a strong sense of responsibility.
How about your psychological resilience?
I think I can work well under pressure, if necessary.
How would you deal with those who are not easy to get along with?
I will just be sincere and friendly to others, and I believe they will treat me the same way.
You seem to be a kind-hearted lady.
Thank you. I simply believe the goodness of human nature.
Please tell me your weaknesses if you can.
I should admit that sometimes I care too much about the details. I am always in pursuit of perfection.

Karen? I need to go over a few things with you.
Certainly. Mr. Graham. When would you like to meet?
I was thinking about this afternoon, after the sales meeting.
Fine. At 3:30?

I believe we' Ve met before. My name's David.
Yes, at your company, I think. I'm Frank.
Oh, I remember now.Very nice to meet you again.
Nice meeting you, too.

I made my little brother cry.
Shame on you?!

I need some mascara. Do you have good thickening mascara?
Of course. Here is our thickening mascara. We also have mascara designed to lengthen the eyelashes.
Alright. And I want to consider your eye shadow too. Do you have a color chart can look at?
We have a very wide selection of colors. And our eye shadow is specially designed to moisturize the skin. So it is very gentle on your eyelids. Would you like to sample some?
Oh, sure I will need to clean off my own eye shadow first.
I can help you with that.
Thank you.

Is this the baggage claim area for flight KB256?
Yes, we are on the same plane.
But I am a transfer passenger. I have a connecting flight to Miami.
So you have to bring your baggage to the transfer check-in area.
Yes.It' s quite troublesome. Why not go and find a porter?

Billy, you don’t look too well. Maybe you should take the day off school.
But Mom?! Today we’re playing football?! I love football?!
You’Ve got a fever and playing football isn’t a good idea for a boy with a fever.
What’s that on your arm?
I don’t know. It was there when I woke up this morning.
It’s rash. I’d better take you to see the doctor.
How did you get that bruise on your leg?
I bashed it against the chair in my room.
Does it hurt?
A little, but not much. Here. Put this wet towel on your face to keep your temperature down. I’ll take you to the doctor’s after breakfast.
If I’m better this afternoon, can I go to school?
If you are better, but I doubt you will be.

This is your schedule.
You're going out of your way for us, I believe.
You are our honored guests.

Are there any vacancies still available?
Yes. We need a plumber here.
I am looking for a job that is more advanced than that, such as sales manager or regional manager.
I am sorry. They are not available now.

My name is Mary, and I will be your waitress tonight.
Thank you, Mary. We have been looking forward to trying out this restaurant.
Before your main course, would you like to order an appetizer?
Sure, that sounds great. Where are your appetizers listed?
There is a special appetizer menu right here in the center of the table.
The chicken and cheese quesadilla looks good. Is that pretty good?
You know, that is one of my favorites?!
OK, I'll take one order of that.
You could choose another appetizer for half price to share.
Perfect?! Please add on an order of onion rings.

I am waiting for a fax but just now I found there's something wrong with the fax machine.
What's wrong with the fax machine? Is it urgent?
Yes, very urgent. And there is no other fax machine around. And the office of our boss is closed, so I can not use his machine either. And his secretary is out. Do you have any suggestion?
Either call this extension number 0085 or ask them to send the fax to you as e-mail, you print it out.

I would like to speak to you, if you don’t mind.
What would you like to speak to me about?
I would like to talk to you about this year’s election.
Is that right? I am a volunteer for this year’s campaign.
That’s wonderful. I am impressed at someone so young taking a stand. I know history is about to be made, and I would like to be a part of it.
That’s fantastic. Are you planning on voting?
I’m going to vote. Go to your polling place early on Election Day.
I will.
Good luck with your volunteering.

We hope that there will be no repetition of this kind of trouble in the future.
Yes. I promise it will not happen again.
We look forward to your settlement at an early date.
We will inform you as soon as possible.

Hello, Steven. How do you get along with your job?
Actually, I learn many things from it. I find that I am a quick learner in new things.
Practice makes perfect. By the way, what do you learn from your job?
At first I didn't know anything about the machine. Now I know how to operate it. Besides, the work gives me a sense of fulfillment and achievement.
Yeah, you are a good learner. I must commend you for your good performance.
Thank you. That's a long way to go for my job.
I appreciate your effort very much. The coffee break is over ; it's about time we set to work.
OK, let's go.

Where on earth are we?
Judging by all the traffic, I'd say we're near the outskirts of the city.
What did I do wrong? Did I take a wrong turn?
I'm not sure, but I think you turned right when you should have turned left on the flyover bridge.
Well, now we should turn back a few kilometres. It seems that the traffic sign is much more important than the map.

Hello. Front desk.
Yes. This is Bob Robinson. I’m calling from room number 627.
Hi, Bob. What can I do for you? Is it possible to change to another room?
Could you please tell me why? My room is facing the swimming pool. It’s noisy for me. I have a problem sleeping. And I feel uncomfortable when I take an elevator.
So you need a quiet side room on the lower floor.
You’re right. Okay. Let me check for a room on the first floor.
Thank you.
I’Ve only two rooms on the first floor. How about room 108?
That’s fine. Can I move now?
Sure. I’ll send the bellman to help you.
Oh, thank you kindly.
You’re welcome.

How long will it take for our order to be delivered?
Let's see. You are importing fifty containers of textiles from China. They should be able to place your order before the end of next week. It will take 2 days for shipping to the port city of Ningpo. The freight will take 3 weeks on the open ocean and will arrive in Los Angeles approximately a month from today. Domestic shipping will be your responsibility, you can make arrangements with the pier in Los Angeles.
Fine, we will handle domestic shipping, but what about customs? Will we have to pay tariff on our imports?
I hope we don't run into any problems with the border control.
No, the Chinese company has that all worked out. With the paperwork you receive with the shipment, you should be good to go.

Now you're my boss, Mr. Henry. Do you have any other particular conditions that you would like the company to take into consideration?
No, nothing in particular. You may ask questions about us, if you have any.
All right. When can I start?

What are you doing here today?
I would like to fight my ticket.
Is the arresting officer in the courtroom today?
Yes, the officer is here today. What's your case?
I was pulled over for running a red light, but I never did.
Do you believe that the officer lied?
There was a camera on the signal. So, he was obviously lying.
Your license plate was caught on camera?
A picture of my license plate was never taken.
Since there is no picture of your license plate on record, I'm going to let you go.
Thank you. I'm glad that you believe me.

Hey Joe, what are you doing in this department store?
Hi, Rita, I'm just looking for a pair of shoes. I won't be here for long.
Why not? When I go shoe shopping, I have so many options for sneakers that I spend awhile looking at all of the choices.
That's my problem. I don't have a lot of options. What do you mean?
This is a big store, isn't it?
Yes, but I have unusually big feet. That wouldn't be too much of a problem except that they're also very wide, and only a few brands sell shoes that I can fit into.
So how do you usually go about buying shoes, then?
Well, first of all, I can only go to certain stores that can guarantee me a large selection.
Well, you're in the right store. If they don't have it, no one will.
After that I choose something from one of the few brands that I know will fit me. I prefer white, so I ask them to bring me a pair of white sneakers in my size. Since I’m usually only given one or two pairs of shoes that meet my qualifications, it makes it a very easy choice.

what shall we do after the volleyball match?
how about going to the Olympic souvenir store to have a look? I remember there is one in the gym.
that's a good idea. I was thinking of buying some gifts for my family. me, too.
What did you have in mind?
I haven't decided yet, but I think the Olympic Mascots are a must.
I agree. They're very lovely, especially " Huan Huan ".
is that the red one? That is my favorite, too. Do you know how much they are?
the five dolls are sold together as a set, and they're priced according to the size. The bigger they are the more expensive.
oh, I see. If I buy more than a set, can I get any discount?
I don't think so. All the souvenirs of the Olympic Games are very hot right now.
any other ideas?
there are lots of things, such as postcards, key chains, posters and various arts and crafts.
it all sounds great. We can go there after the match. I can't wait to see what they have.

Mom?! I hate eating vegetables?!
You don’t have to eat them. I don’t mind.
Thanks mom?! Can I have dessert now? I love chocolate cake?!
No dessert for you unless you eat all your vegetables.
But I don’t like them?! It’s not fair?!
You can have some fruit for dessert. If you eat an apple and a banana, I might let you have a small piece of chocolate cake.
Ok... actually, I don’t mind eating peas and carrots, buy I hate broccoli and cauliflower.
I’ll remember that for next time. You’ll get extra peas and carrots, buy no broccoli or cauliflower. OK?
Thanks mom?!

It was very kind of you to give me a tour of the place. It gave me a good idea of your product range.
It’s a pleasure to show our factory to our customers. What’s your general impression, may I ask?
Very impressive, indeed, especially the speed of your NW Model. That’s our latest development. A product with high performance.
We put it on the market just two months ago. The machine gives you an edge over your competitors, I guess.
Certainly. No one can match us as far as speed is concerned.
Could you give me some brochures for that machine? And the price if possible.
Right. Here is our sales catalog and literature.
Thank you. I think we may be able to work together in the future.

Is the factory fully-automated?
Not completely. Our production process is partially-automated. We use robots on the production line for routine assembly jobs but some of the work is still done manually.
What about supply of parts to the production line?
Well, the parts are automatically selected from the store room using a bar-code system. And there is an automatic feeder which takes them to the conveyor belt at the start of the production line.
What about the smaller components?
They're transported to the workstations on automated vehicles - robot trucks - which run on guide rails around the factory.

I'm glad you're on your ten-year reunion planning committee.
Yeah, you get the TV to yourself while I spend my nights surfing the Net for missing classmates. That's not why. This way I can see how you guys do this sort of thing.
I guess. Don't you have reunions in Taiwan?
Definitely. Every year. But just for our forty-person class. Ours are for everyone that graduated in the same year.

What does your job involve?
I'm the Project Manager so I have to make sure our projects run smoothly. I work with three Project Engineers. They take care of after-sales service and look after the maintenance side of the business.

How many languages can you speak?
Besides Chinese, I can speak English and French. You mean you can read and write both of them?
No, I can only carry on a simple conversation in French.
Can you read and write English well?
I can speak the language better than read and write.
Do you speak the language well enough to communicate with people of English-speaking countries?
I think so. I used to be an interpreter. Do you think your English is good enough to do desk work?
The amount of English I know enables me to do general desk work. I believe what I know is sufficient to work in an American firm.

What can I get for you? Here is the menu.
Let me have a look. Well, how many kinds of steaks do you have?
We have sirloin steaks, pepper steak, and filet steak.
Is there something go with the filet steak?
Yes, we have various sauces.
What about the gravy?

Are you ready to go shopping?
Just a minute. I need to make a list of thinks that we need.
Good idea. Have you written down potatoes, carrots, and onions?
I don’t have onions on my list. I’ll add them. We should get some tea. Is green tea ok or should we get the same tea that we usually get?
Let’s get both. We need some coffee too. Is that on your list?
Yes, it is. Here’s my list. Is there anything that I’Ve forgotten?
I think you’Ve got everything. I want to got some chocolate and some cheese.
What kind of cheese do you want.
I’m not sure. I’ll decide at the cheese counter, when I can see what they have.
Have we got enough money?
We don’t have enough cash, so I’ll take my credit card and we can pay with that.
Where are the car keys?
I’Ve got them there. Shall I drive?

Hello, can you tell me how to use the telephone?
If you want to order meals, call 8801.If you need other help, call 8803 and someone will be there.
Thank you so much. By the way, is there a mail service?
Yes, you can take your letters to the counter over there.

I am afraid that the fax machine in my room won’t be working till tomorrow. A technician has just come and checked it. He will bring me a new one tomorrow. It seems there is a big problem with mine and it will take some days for repairing. Can I use the one in your office?
Of course you can. I am sure this one works very well. I just sent dozens of pages. How many pages are you sending? Are you familiar with my fax machine?
Yes, I think you have the same model as I have.
Does your fax machine print out immediately a transmission protocol?
Yes, it will print immediately.

How many years have you done business with China?
Let me see, about five years, we established our business relationship with Hua Mei of China Import & Export Corporation in 2003.
Do you have any difficulties in doing business in China? You know the Chinese economic legislation is still incomplete?
I don't think I have any problem with our Chinese partners. They have always followed the contract strictly. We can do business directly with the corporation. As I mentioned before, the Chinese government is trying very hard to perfect its law. Its commercial legislation provides legal protection for foreign companies.
Well, it's known that the Sino-American relation is in a dilemma. Does it influence your business in China?
Actually not at present. But we are afraid it will. You know policies influence business to some extent.
I hope our government will not be influenced by some extremists. China is really a large market. We don't want to lose it.
Thank you.
You're welcome.

Give me a pack of first-class stamps, please.
Here you are. That will be five dollars. Anything else?
Yes. I want some post cards and some airmail stamps. I want to send some letters to South America.
Just a moment, I'll look up the rate for air-mail letters to South America.
Can you tell me how much it will cost to send a package to Colombia? Also, I what to know how long it will take.
Do you have the package with you? I would have to weigh it to see how much it would cost. Do you insure package?
Yes. All you have to do declare the value of the package and decide how much you want to insure it for.
Is there a way that I can be sure that the people in South america receive my package?
The post office rarely loses package. You can, however, request a rectum receipt.
One last question-what are your hours?
We open at eight-thirty in the morning and close at five-thirty in the afternoon.
Thank you, you helped me a lot.

Hello, thank you for taking the time to interview me.
Hi there, I’m Bill Gotcha, the owner of Gotcha Enterprises. Did you find your way here OK?
Your assistant gave wonderful directions.
Why are you switching jobs at this point in your career?
Our Company is moving overseas and I wish to stay in the United States.
What are you best at?
I am good at organizing systems that have been having problems.
What is your biggest challenge in terms of skills?
I don’t like to sit around and so like to always find things to do to keep myself busy.
That is good to hear?!

Good morning. SRC international. How may I help you?
Good morning. I'd like to speak to Peter. Chen Please.
Certainly. Who should I say is calling?
This is Tim. Hunter from Hunter industries.
And what is it regarding please?
We have an appointment for this afternoon. Mr. Chen will know why I'm calling.
Of course, Please hold the line Mr. Hunter.

Right, let me run through your options. You can go ahead and cash your undue Large-Amount Deposit Certificate if you really want to, but I'd recommend a Personal Durable Commodities Loan.
OK, what does that entail?
It's not too much trouble to do it this way and remember, your certificate is due in 2 months. If you can hold on to it, it'll be much better for your finances.
Yes, it does seem a little silly to cash it now. I'll probably need about 25,000 RIB. Will that be a problem?
Not at all, Mr Zu. As the certificate is due in 2 months, you can get the loan on mortgage of that certificate.
I'm glad you thought of this. I'd have just gone ahead and cashed it?! And I suppose I can use the money from the certificate to pay back this Personal Durable Commodities Loan and I won't lose any interest, right?
Exactly right. If you'd like to go ahead, I can process that for you now, Mr Zu.
Absolutely, Jenny. Thanks very much, I think you've saved me quite a lot of money today.

My aunt told me one of her secrets--cellophane tape. I just got it at the special health store. It's for my flabby arms.
Let me know how it works. I have to say, I have had enough of this roller coaster.
I know what you mean. I'm like a yo-yo. Last week I was down to 60 kilos. This week I had one donut more. Now I'm up to 62 kilos.

May I have a menu, please?
Of course. Could you tell me how this thing is cooked? Lobster?
It is steamed and served with our special sauce.
Is it good?
Sure. It is a most popular dish.
I think I will try some lobster, and give me some green salad together.

Can’t you come in and have tea now, Peter?
Not yet, I must water the garden first.
Do you have to water it now?
I’m afraid I must. Look at it?! It’s terribly dry.
What a nuisance?! Last summer it was very dry, too. Don’t you remember? I had to water it every day.
Well, I’ll have tea by myself.
That was quick?! Have you finished already? Yes, Look out of the window. It’s raining.
That means you needn’t water the garden.
That was a pleasant surprise. It means I can have tea, instead.

I'm broke, and I have to catch another bus.
Why don't you have any money for another bus?
I got hungry and bought some chips.
That was smart.
Anyway, do you have any change I can use for the bus?
I don't have any.
I don't know how I'm going to get home.
Get a transfer from the bus driver.
How much is a transfer?
It doesn't cost anything.
That's great?! Thanks for your help.
You know what? Don't mention it.

Hello, Anna. Come in and sit down.
Hello, doctor.
What's the matter? I've got a backache.
Do you often suffer from backache?
No, I don't. I've never had a bad one before. When did it start?
About four days ago.
Well, go home and rest in bed for two days, then you'll feel better. Can you give me some medicine? It's very painful.
Yes, I'll give you some pills. Take one a time and three times a day, and come back in three days. If you don't feel...

Welcome on board. May I see your boarding pass?
Here you are. Your seat is three, in the third row, near the window.
Thank you. Where can I put my suitcase?
Either in the overhead compartment or underneath the seat.
Everyone's attention, please. We are going to take off. Please fasten your belts.

Hello, madam. How do you like your staying here?
Quite good. Excuse me, are there any places of interest?
Yes, there are so many near our hoteI. Three blocks away from here, there is temple. It's famous for its building and paintings. lt' s worth visiting.
Thank you. I think today we will go there.

You're here to make a deposit, is that correct?
Right. I'd like to deposit 2,000 RIB into my Current Account.
No problem. Could I have the cash and your Bank Book, please?
Oh dear... there seems to be some problems here... What? What's wrong?
I'm sorry but 5 of these notes seem to be counterfeit. Look at this watermark, do you see it?
It does look a little strange, I didn't notice that before.

Hello, sir. Is there anything I can help you find?
Um... Uh... I'm just looking, thanks.
Need a gift for your girlfriend or wife...
No, no, no. I'm just browsing. Thanks anyway.
Well, if you need anything, just ask. Um... well, where's the men's shoe department?
It's on the third floor. Turn left when you get off the escalator.
Thanks.

An idea about killing time on a train?
I advise you to read Playboy.You can get a lot from it.
But there's quite a lot of rumors about it.
That's why it's interesting.

Have you brought the receipt with you?
No, I don't. I left it home.
Sorry, but we can't do anything without the receipt. Come back with it.
I didn't know. I'll go to get it. How late will you be open?
Till 5:30.

I haven't told you what happened yet, have I?
I haven't heard anything.
My boss offered me a promotion, and I took it.
Are you serious?
Yes, I am really excited.
That's great. Congratulations?!
Thank you.
Actually, I could not believe it at first. You know, there're so many outstanding people in our company. Many of them are qualified to fill that position.
Sure, but you really did great and outperformed the others. You deserved it?!
Thank you very much.

I like Chinese food.
I like Chinese food, too. I like dumplings best. At school, we sometimes have Chinese food for lunch.
That's good. We eat Chinese food only at the Chinese restaurant.
My mother can make some Chinese food.
Really? That's wonderful?!

OK. Come back into the classroom, class.
Does the class start again, Mam?
Yes, but to the heath, this break has last long enough.
Oh, breaktime flies. come on, baby. It’s time now.
Mam, another minute, could I?
Hurry up, little boy.

What's the actual flight time from here to San Francisco?
It's about twelve hours.
Can you tell me what time we're arriving?
Sure. Let me see... at 6:15 a. m. local time.
I see. And that'll be 10:15 p. m. Beijing time.

Excuse me, but I'm not feeling too well. I think I'm going to throw up.
There's an airsickness bag behind the seat that's in front of you.
I must've missed it. Is this your first time flying?
Yes. I'm going to San Francisco.
Oh, it's a beautiful city. I think you'll like it.
Hey, I'm feeling much better already.
Sometimes if you don't think about it, that sick feeling will go away on its own.
Thanks.
By the way, my name is Mary.
I'm Frank. Nice to meet you.

Welcome to Al's Bakery. What can I get you?
Hi?! Let me get a dozen croissants, four blueberry muffins and a loaf of sourdough bread.
Sure. Would you like to have the loaf sliced?
No, that's OK. Do you have any whole wheat bread?
We are out at the moment. May I suggest some rye bread?
Sure that sounds good. Do you have any cakes?
We have various birthday cakes and also ice cream cakes.
I'll just take a cheesecake.
Will that be all?
Yes.
Your total is forty three dollars and twenty cents.
You got it.

Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, we are happy you have all come out for our training workshop. Today we have a great line-up of speakers to talk to you. First on our program is a well-renown expert in the field of international economic development, Harvard's own Dr. James Smith. Dr. Smith has been involved in economic research for over twenty years, and has taught at Harvard since 1995. And now, without further adieu, we'd like to welcome Mr. James Smith.
Thank you, Mr. Jackson, ladies and gentlemen, colleagues, friends. The subject of my talk is international relations in a morgen world. I plan to say a few words about the current situation in the Middle East and how it affects world economy. I'd like to give you an overview of the way that the economies of seemingly unrelated countries are intertwined. I've divided my talk into three parts, first an overview of international relations, second a discussion of current political situations, and lastly trends for the future. My presentation will take about two hours, but there will be a twenty-minute break in the middle. We'll stop for lunch at 12.

You're looking rather pale, why?
I couldn't sleep well recently.
You'd get plenty of sleep for you work so hard.
I always drink too much wine in the evening.
You shan't drink more wine in the evening.
Yes, you are right.
And you'd take some exercise every day.
Many thanks for your advice.

Hello Mrs Parker, how have you been?
Hello Dr Peters. Just fine thank you. Ricky and I are here for his vaccines.
Very well. Let's see, according to his vaccination record, Ricky has received his Polio, Tetanus and Hepatitis B shots. He is 14 months old, so he is due for Hepatitis A, Chickenpox and Measles shots.
What about Rubella and Mumps?
Well, I can only give him these for now, and after a couple of weeks I can administer the rest.
OK, great. Doctor, I think I also may need a Tetanus booster. Last time I got it was maybe fifteen years ago?!
We will check our records and I'll have the nurse administer and the booster as well. Now, please hold Ricky's arm tight, this may sting a little.

I’m interested in teaching at your school.
Great. Are you a qualified teacher?
Yes.
What kind of teaching certificate do you have?
I have a TEFL certificate.
How many years of experience do you have?
I have three years of teaching ESL and four years of teaching per-school children.
When did you get your TEFL certificate?
I got my TEFL certificate three years ago.
Why do you want to teach at our school?
Well, I’Ve heard many good things about it. I also like teaching young children.
That’s great. Can you speak Chinese?
Yes, just a little.
Can you come in for an interview tomorrow at 10:00?
I sure can.
Great. See you then.

Why is the car before us stopping?
What's going on? Look. Two cars are standing right in the middle of the road and the drivers are shouting rude words to each other.
That's why that car stops.
More and more people easily get irritated while driving.
Yes. This is what is called road rage.

This is today’s schedule. At 8 thirty AM, conference with the department managers. At 9 o’clock, live for the workshop where you’ll award prizes to the staff for preventatives.
That’s great. What are the prizes?
3000 RIB as bonus for each person. To encourage the staff increases.
Ok. Next thing is laying the corner-stone for the new plant at 10 AM. At 12 AM, back here for lunch. What about the afternoon? At 2 PM, give a presentation here with the press. At four o’clock sharp, have dinner with Mr. Smith, manager of NCC.

This is Lincoln Bank, Consumer Credit Department. How can I help you?
Ah, hello. I'm calling to find out how I apply for a car loan.
We offer a Personal Automobile Consumer Loan. The application process is pretty straight forward. I trust you have enough funds to cover the 20 % down payment?
Yes, I do. It's ready and waiting in my account.
The next step is for us to recommend a dealer to you, who are already contracted to us, so...
Could I just stop you there? Sorry to interrupt, but I have already been to your appointed dealer and selected the car I want.
That will certainly cut down the processing time. We can move on to the next step. Do you have the purchase price?
Yes, it's 110,000 RIB. So, with the down payment done, I will need to borrow 70,000 RIB.
What we need you to do next is to come into the branch with a correctly filled in application form, ID card, proof of residency, proof of income, the agreement from the agent and of course the 20 % down payment.
Yes, I have everything here.
OK, I'll come in and see you later today. Maybe I could have my new car as early as next week?! How exciting?!

Hi, my name is Tom.
Tom, the new sales representative? Nice to meet you?! I'm Melinda.
Nice to meet you too.Melinda. Now let me show you around. This is our reception area, and our conference room is right over there. Over here is the sales department.
Really? This is a nice office, but it's quite small.
Yeah... You can make photocopies and send faxes over there.
It looks like you guys work hard.
I tell you what just between you and me, we just mess things up so that it looks like we work hard.Just kidding.
Oh, your cubicle is over the. And this way. Those are all private offices the managers offices.
Hmm... Tell me more details about our jobs.
Sure thing.

What do you think of our price? Your price has gone up sharply, hasn't it?
Yes. We regret we cannot maintain our original price. Since the prices of the raw materials have been raised, we have to adjust the price of our products accordingly.
I agree with you there, but your price is unreasonable.
I don't think so. You must compare our price with that of other export houses. I'm sure our offer is in line with the prevailing market price level.
I don't think we'll be able to pay the price.
To have this business concluded, you need to lower your price at least by 3 %.
I’m afraid that there is no room for any reduction in price.
Don't you agree with me that in the long run, moderate prices will bring about large sales and more profit?
We've already cut down our price to cost level.
Is that all?
Yes, this is the best we can do.
I'm sorry we can't handle the price you offered.

So, Jimmy, how does it feel to have your own money?
It’s great, dad. I don’t mind delivering papers, but the real fun is collecting the money.
Even though you are only twelve, it’s not too early to start saving a little money.
I’Ve never had a bank account before. Why don’t I just keep my money under the matters like grandpa does?
You know you would spend it. And also, money in the bank earns interest.
But what if I need my money suddenly?
The bank will give you a PIN, and you can withdraw money from any ATM.
Great?! So it’s almost the same as keeping it under the matters?!
Not quite. You have to maintain a minimum balance of twenty dollars. And sometimes the bank has service charges. But you don’t have to worry about that yet. Let’s go make your first depot OK.
Guess I have to do that before. I can make money my first withdrawal.

Is this where I can catch a bus to the theater?
Yes, but you can't get there with out a change.
Which bus do I have to change?
You have to get off at the hospital and change for bus 15.
I see. Thank you.

Here we are, Joan. This is the Palace museum, also known as the Forbidden city.
Oh, how splendid?! Can you take a picture of me here?
Sure.

Excuse me. I'm afraid I got lost. Where am I on this map?
We are here, bus station, we are in the heart of the city.
Oh?! Can I go from here to the Zhongshan Park?
Head straight up the street about two blocks then turn right.

Tony, could you tell me if there are any special rules about the job?
Working hours are from 8: 30 a. m. to 5:00 p. m. Be sure not to be late or absent. Report to the manager by filling in the' Monthly Report' every month.
Is there anything else? How about my salary?
Our company has a strict and reasonable salary standard. On the 20th day of every month, you can get your salary on time. Benefits depend upon the length of service and the employee's past attendance record.
Wow, thank you for telling me these. Do you mind telling me something else, like attendance record, holiday, and how to ask for leave?
All new members are likely to ask the same questions. Haha.
I can understand that. Every month you have three days off, besides the weekends and some important holidays. After you've been here for a year, you qualify for a one-week vacation. The leave less than a half-day should predict for an hour, and more than a half-day should predict three days.
Okay, that's good. I get it.

Kate, you never believe what's happened.
What do you mean?
Masha and Hero are getting divorced.
You are kidding. What happened?
Well, I don't really know, but I heard that they are having a separation for 2 months, and filed for divorce.
That's really surprising. I always thought they are well matched.
What about the kids? Who get custody?
Masha, it seems quiet and makable, no quarrelling about who get the house and stock and then contesting the divorce with other details worked out.
That's the change from all the back stepping we usually hear about.
Well, I still can't believe it, Masha and Hero, the perfect couple.
When would they divorce be final?
Early in the New Year I guess.

Overseas operator. I would like to make a collect call to Taipei, Taiwan, please.
Your name, please.
Tim Chen.
What's the number, please.
The area code is 2, and the number is 2367-9960.
The line is connected. Please go ahead.

Hello. Excuse me.
Yes. Can I help you? Do you remember me? I just had lunch here a half hour ago.
Of course I remember you.
I think I lost my wallet here.
Oh, no. Really? I didn't see anything.
Really? You didn't find a wallet?
No, I didn't.
Would you like to go look by the table with me?
Yes, I would.
It's not here. And it's not on the floor.Has anyone sat at this table since we left?
No. It's been empty the whole time.
Hmm. I don't know how it could have happened.
I remember, sir, that your friend took the bill.You didn't pay for the lunch yourself, did you?
No. My friend did.
Then are you sure you took your wallet out of your pocket while you were here?
No, I'm not sure. But I usually take out my wallet when I sit down.It' s uncomfortable to sit on it. So I usually put it next to me on the table.
Maybe you lost it before you came here. Or maybe you left it at home.
I don't think it's at home. I think I had it when I left the house.But what should I do?
Well, the first thing you should do is make sure it's not at home.Then, if it isn't, you need to call your credit card companies and cancel your cards. Next, you need to replace whatever you lost, your driver's license, things like that.
Should I call the police?
You can if you want. But the police usually don't do anything about lost wallets.
Hmm. I'll go home and check. Maybe you're right. Maybe it's at home.
I'm sorry we couldn't find it, sir.
Thanks for your help.

Good morning, young lady. You can call me Ma. Do you see anything you like?
Yes. Many things?! I especially love this beautiful quilt.
That quilt was passed down to me from my ma in Holland.
It sounds like a special quilt. Why do you want to sell it?
Well, this home is too big for me now, so I'm moving to an apartment that is much smaller. Therefore, I need to part with a few things.
Oh, I see. Umm, how much do you want for the quilt?
Is fifteen dollars OK?

Have you got change for a thousand?
Let me see.

May I come in, Mr Sun?
I’d rather you didn’t, Miss Yang. I’m very busy now.
Can I try later then?
Yes, of course.
Is it all right for me to come in now, Mr Sun?
Well, uh... I’m still pretty busy, but... all right. Come in.
What can I do for you?
Do you mind if I sit down?
Not at all. Take a seat. Now what can I do for you?
I want to leave the department. Do you think I could put info a transfer?
Yes.
But why should you want to do that?
Do you mind if I speak frankly?
Not at all. Go ahead.
Well. You see, I don’t like the office. I don’t like the staff. And I’m afraid of you. And I don’t want to go one. So may I put info a transfer?
Yes. I’d be delighted if you did.

Where is that? Take me to the airport, please.
Are you in a hurry?
I have to be there before 17 o'clock.
We'll make it except a jam. You know it's rush hour.
There's an extra ten in it for you if you can get me there on time.
I'll do my best.
Here's twenty dollars. Do you have small bills?
No. If you can't break it, keep the change. But can you give me a receipt?
Here is your receipt.
Thank you.

Recently I have been getting headache and my eyes don't seems to see focus properly.
When did you last time have your eyes checked?
Two years ago. At that time I had no problems.Now I can’t even make out something ten meters away.
Come over here. I will test your eyes. First cover your left eye like this, and when I point, please read the chart from the top, and go as far as you can, telling me which way the “ E ” points.
All right. Good.Now the other eye. Well, this one is worse.
Never mind, just read as far as you can.
I can only read the first three lines.

Is there a car park near the supermarket?
Yes, there is an underground car park near the supermarket.
I see. Thanks.

Oh, come on, Ultraman?! What's up, Bro? What's in the bulletin?
It says that there will be a blackout from 5 p. m. to 7 p. m. in our neighborhood today.
Blackout? Even the TV has the limit. Don't you know you will look like a monster in the blackout?
Oops, no, Daddy can't watch American Idol, either?! That's not the point.
Come on, can you imagine that there will be no electricity on such a hot day? Oh, my god?! No air-conditioner?!
OK, since you are the smart one, can you come up with a better plan? So that we won't be baked like cookies here.
How about playing Barbie out there in the neighborhood?
Barbie? You know, I might be seven, but I'm not a girl.
Do you have a better plan?
All right, all right.

Yes, ma'am, how could I help you?
I am wondering if you do facial care?
Yes, we do.
How much would it be?
From 200 to 800.
I'm afraid 800 is too expensive for me. Could you recommend something around 300?
No problem.

Can I help you, Miss?
I would like to order 2 office-style cabinets and desk calendars. We want office-style cabinets in white. The catalogue number is 90-f-2356.
How soon do you want it?
Could you deliver it tomorrow?
No problem. Please handle the items carefully.
Certainly.
We will pay by collect on delivery.

I hate to do this to you, Alice, but I’m going to have to ask you to put in some more overtime.
Does it have to be this afternoon, Mr. Fairbanks? I’Ve already made plans.
Well, I would have preferred to do it today, but if you’Ve already made plans, we can do it tomorrow.
I’d appreciate that, sir. How long do you think you’ll need me to stay?

What’s your attitude when do wrong things at work?
The buck stops here.

Hello?! Is your company advertising for administrative assistant on the newspapers?
Well, Administrative assistant with shorthand and typing skills are badly needed here.
First I want to check about the availability and see if you could give me more information.
The position calls for a person with some working experience. We must be able to benefit from your analytical and interpersonal skills. Can you deliver your resume to us first?
Of course. I will deliver my resume to you in minutes' time. I hope you will consider my application and I shall appreciate a reply at your earliest convenience.
OK. I will call you soon. Bye now.
Bye.

Just as the saying goes, every potter praises his own pot. You should pay special attention to selling yourself properly in the interview. It is especially important for the graduates who step into the job market for the first time. You'd better prepare what you are going to say in advance, in order to have a good performance in the interview. The contents should be mainly descriptions of your background. And the length depends on the particular situation. Only when you are aware of what the interviewer will be interested in, can you make a targeted preparation. To sell yourself successfully, you should leave the interviewer a deep impression. Selling yourself should go straight to the point, and the statement should be clear and brief. It should also be truthful and realistic. Do not blindly blow your own horn. You should particularly state your strong points which are closely related to the position you are applying for. While you should not omit your weak points, they need to be described appropriately Time permitted, you could add certain examples to your description. Besides, in the interview, it is best that you make corresponding adjustments to apply your prepared contents flexibly.

Hello?
Hi, Deborah?! This is John. I'm calling from Australia.
What are you doing in Australia?
I'm attending a conference in Sydney this week. Remember?
Oh, right. What time is it there?
It's 10:00 P. M. And it's four o'clock in Los Angeles, right?
Yes - four o'clock in the morning.
4:00 A. M.? I'm really sorry.
That's OK. I'm awake now.

John hasn't turned up and Stefan is ill. Do we have anyone on stand-by?
I'm afraid not, we're very short-staffed at the moment.
Can you ask the shift supervisor to ask one of his team to do some overtime?
Perhaps Tommy can stand in for an hour or two until we find a replacement.

Jack, let’s go?! Oh, you are out of breath?! What happened?
Some people are wildly shooting on the next street. We must leave here as soon as possible?!
Take it easy. They will get caught.

Hello. May I speak to Jerry, please?
Sorry, but he is out for lunch right now.
I see. Can you give me some idea how long he'll be back?
I think he will be back around 2:00. If you like, please leave your name and phone number, I'll have him call you as soon as he comes back.
That's nice. My name is Steven, my phone number is 6789777.
Okay, I'll be waiting for his call. Thank you and bye?!
My pleasure, bye?!

Excuse me, Miss. What can I do for you?
I've just heard an announcement that my flight has been delayed.
What's your flight number?
Flight CA216 to Chengdu.
Yes, it's true. It has been delayed.
Could you please tell me why?
Yes, of course. The delay is due to heavy rain.
How long will the delay be? Do you have any further information about it?
I am sorry, we don't know the extent of the delay at present. But according to the latest weather forecast, there will be a change in weather soon. We have to wait.
Well, is it possible for the rain to stop before noon?
It's hard to say. Weather is so changeable in the summer. Please listen to the latest announcement about your flight.
Yes, I will. Thanks a lot. Bye?!
Bye

What are we going to do? I can't get the car out of this ditch. I'm stuck?!
I'm worried, Tom. I haven't seen any other cars for almost an hour.
I know. This is terrible. What can we do? This snow doesn't stop falling?!
I told you we should have stayed in town today.The weather report said 100 percent chance of snow.Why did you want to come up here?
I wanted to show you the cabin. We only had another half-hour to go.
Well, now we're stuck. What can we do?
I don't know. I've heard that when this happens, it's important to save energy.
What do you mean? We're stranded here, Tom. We may be here a long time.We need to conserve the gas in the car. The car's energy is what will keep us warm.
I have plenty of gas.
Yes, but the gas and the battery both have to stay working.We can't just let the car run and run.If we do, it will die soon. Then we'll freeze.
So what can we do?
Turn the lights off.Then, run the car and the heater only about fifteen minutes every hour.That will conserve the heat as long as possible.
Alright. That's a good idea. I wish we hadn't come up here. Now we'll probably be here for days.
Days?
Yes, it happens.That is what happens in big snowstorms. People get stranded for days.
Oh, my God?! It's good we have food. Probably we'll survive.But turn the car off for about forty-five minutes. Then we'll turn it on again.

Hey, buddy, can’t you see there’s a line?
Oh, sorry. I didn’t know.
What? You haven’t taken the bus before?
No, I’m afraid not.
Well, you have to wait in line like everyone else. Besides, you should let old people on first.
Sorry.
It’s all right. Where are you going?
I wanted to see the White House.
Oh, well you don’t want this bus, anyway. It goes to Georgetown.
Oh, no. It’s all right, though. Just get off at the next stop and catch the 79A.
Oh, well thank you very much.
You’re welcome.

Can I help you?
I'd like the double cheese burger meal, please.
What kind of drink would you like with that?
Just coke will be fine.
Would you like a super size meal? Only 2 RIB more, you'll get large coke and fries instead of medium. And today we are offering free toys all the meal boxes.
That sounds good, thanks, I'd like that. Actually I'd like sprite instead of coke, thanks.
That's not a problem, Miss. Will that be it?
Yes, that's all. That will be 25RMB, please
You got it.

Do you have any night tours?
Yes, we will depart in 10 minutes.
Is that a guided tour?
Yes, it is.
That's fine. Let's get on the bus.

I am sure we will make it up as soon as possible.
That's nice. We hope this matter will not affect our good relations in our future dealings.
Of course not. We have cooperated for a long time.

I would like to purchase some meat.
What kind of meat would you like to get today?
First off, I'm going to need a pound of ground beef.
A pound of ground beef is $ 2.48.
That's perfect. What else will you be needing?
I'm also going to need three pounds of chicken breasts.
The chicken breasts cost $ 4.05 per pound. What's the total price for the chicken?
It's going to be $ 12.15.
Okay, I think that will be all for me today.

I think you know already that I want to discuss the represent - ton for your alarm clocks.
Yes, Mr. Bergeron. You mentioned that in your letter.
To tell you the truth, your proposal surprised us.
Is that so?
Anyhow I want to go over the details with you in person, so you can give my suggestion thorough consideration.
Our firm specializes in this line of business. We have six sales representatives, who are on the road all the time, covering the whole of the European market.
Do you sell direct to shops?
Yes, we specialize in handling clocks and watches of all sorts. We have well established channels of distribution and we canvass the retailers direct, without any middlemen.
Do you keep a stock of these things?
In some cases, such as the wristwatches, which always have a steady market, we keep a stock in London and act as distributors as well as agents. Generally, however, we pass on the orders of our clients to the manufacturers for supply. We are paid for our service, of course.
That is, your commission.
Yes, our commission is very reasonable. We usually get a 10 % commission of the amount on every deal. Our agents in other areas usually get a 3-5 % commission. The European market is not familiar with your products. You have competitors from Japan and other continental countries. At the beginning of our campaign, there is sales resistance to overcome, we must send out salesmen to do a lot of traveling and spend a considerable amount of money on advertising in news - papers and TV programs. A 10 % commission will not leave us much.
According to your estimate, what is the maximum annual turn - over you can fulfill, in round figures, of course?
We will always do our utmost to enlarge the business, as our remuneration increases with the turnover, but we will not guar - ante anything, at least not to begin with.
We appreciate very much your intention to push the sale of our products. But our suggestion to you, Mr. Bergeron, as a preliminary step, is to do a little research into the market...
Do you mean to say you refuse us the agency?
Mr. Bergeron, you leave us no alternative. We can not give you an exclusive agency of the whole European market without having the slightest idea of your possible annual marketing turnover. Besides our price is worked out according to the costing. A 10 % commission means an increase in our price. We must have the reaction of the buyers in this respect.
Oh, that's just too bad. I intended to make great efforts in selling your products.
Well, we can still carry on our business relationship without the agreement. To start the ball rolling, we will provide you with price lists, catalogues and some samples. Only when you have a thorough knowledge of the marketing possibilities of our products, can we then discuss further details.
Ah, Mrs. Miller, but in this case am I covered?
Oh, yes. We will give you a 5 % commission on every transaction.
All right, but I'll be back again for the Autumn Fair. And then I hope we can see eye to eye about our commission and the terms of the agency.
Very good. We will discuss the matter again at the next Fair.

Excuse me, I’m sorry to trouble you. My name is Susan Ransom, and I have placed several orders with you company.
Yes, Mr. Ransom? This is Karl Miller. How may I help you?
Well, I wonder if you could track an order I placed with you last month. It hasn’t arrived yet.
Certainly, Ms. Ransom. Do you have an order number?

Have you worked out the offers. Mr. Thou?
Yes, we have. Here's our CIF quotation sheet. Please have a careful look.
Are the prices on the list firm offers?
Yes. All the quotations on the list are subject to our final confirmation.
I wonder whether there are any changes in your prices.
All these products are our best-selling lines. The prices of our products will change according to that of the international market demand. And we are always open to negotiate, especially on larger orders.
What do you have in mind?
How long does your offer remain valid?
I need some time to get my supervisors on board with this plan.
I understand. Our offer remains open for 4 days.

Hello sir, may I help you?
Yeah, I accidentally dropped my phone in the toilet.
I see. Well, you have come to the right place. We have over one hundred models of more than twenty leading mobile phone manufacturers.
Sounds good. I don’t want it to be too expensive, maybe something mid-range.
We have this new ETC smart phone.It comes with the Android OS so you can download applications. It also has a built-in camera, mp3 player and touch screen. It works on the 3G network so you have fast access to the internet wherever you are.
What about Wi-fi?
Of course?! You can access the internet from any hotspot as well as from home.
One last thing. Is it waterproof?

We have been over this a hundred times?! We are not getting a pet?!
Why not? Come on?! Just a cute little puppy or a kitty?!
Who is going to look after a dog or a cat?
I will?! I’ll feed it, bathe it and walk it every day?! We can get a Labrador or a German Shepard?!
What if we want to take a vacation? Who will we leave it with? Plus, our apartment is too small for that breed of dog.
Ok. How about we get a cat or a ferret?
We’re planning on having children soon, I don’t think those animals are a good idea with a baby in the house.
Fine?! Let’s get a bird then?! We can keep it in its cage and teach it to talk?! A parrot would be awesome?!
I’ll tell you what, I can get you some hamsters and we’ll take it from there.
Yay?!

Good evening, Mr. Lee and thank you for choosing our airline. We have just discovered that this flight is overbooked. Would you like to volunteer to give up your seat?
Overbooked? Give up my seat? I don’t understand.
From time to time we have a situation in which there are more passengers than there are seats on the aircraft. That’s overbooked.
I know what overbooked is, I just don’t understand how that could happen?
Actually it’s a common practice to overbook, as passengers often don’t take their flight as scheduled. Most of the time there is no problem but today, more passengers arrived than we have seats,
So who has to stay behind?
Well, first we ask for volunteers. If someone like yourself volunteers, they receive a free round trip ticket to be used within one year. If no one volunteers we just have to select someone.
Ok. I’ll volunteer. I could use a free ticket?!

I want to rent this apartment.
I’m glad to hear that. How much are you asking?
You will have to pay $ 1050 every month.
I can’t afford that. What can you afford?
I was thinking $ 800 a month.
I’ll need you to pay more than that. How much more?
How does $ 900 every month sound to you?
I can live with that. We have a deal then.

Good morning, Miss Monica. Nice to meet you again?!
Good morning, Mr. Thomas, it is nice to see you too. After the internal discussion, we have all agreed that you are the most suitable person for this position among all the candidates. So, today let’s talk about your expected salary and social benefits. What is your expected salary?
I’Ve worked in the field for more than 4 years. Depend on my work qualifications and experience, I would like to have 5000 Yuan to start.
The basic salary for your position in our company would be 4800 Yuan to start with increases giving according to your performance.
It is a bit lower than I expected. But I can accept that.
What are the working hours?
40 hours a week, Monday to Friday, 9 AM to 5 PM with one hour lunch break every day..
Do I have to work on weekend? If so, how do you pay for the overtime?
We do expect overtime work when it is necessary, but we pay twice of the work hour for working on weekends and three times for working on national holidays like Spring Festival and the Mid-Autumn Day.
Is there probation?
No probation is involved. If you feel good, you can start next week.

Welcome to the McDonald's. What will it be for you, madam?
One Big Mac and French Fries.
Is there anything else?
Give me one coke, please.
Is this to go or to eat here?
To go, please.
That comes to four dollars and ten cents.
And can I have some ketchup, please?
It's on the service counter over there. Please go to help yourself.

What's the name of this street?
University Street.
Do you know of any banks near here?
You'll see one at the corner on your right.

Hey there, you look a little lost. Are you new here?
Yeah how’d you know?
You can always spot the newbies. I can give you a few pointers if you want. Were you trying to use this machine here?
Yeah?! I just started my training today and I’m not really sure where to begin.
It’s ok, I know how it is. This machine here will work out your upper body, mainly your triceps and biceps. Are you looking to develop strength or muscle tone and definition?
Well, I don’t want to be ripped like you?! I just want a good physique with weights and Carpio.
In that case you want to work with less weight. You can start off by working ten to fifteen reps in four sets. Five kilo weights should be enough. Now it’s very important that you stretch before pumping iron or you might pull a muscle.
Got it?!
Wow is that the weight you are lifting? My goodness that’s a lot of weight?!
It’s not that much. Just watch... I’m ok...

Excuse me.Could you tell me how to return to the Hilton Hotel? I am afraid I lost my way.
Do you have a hotel card or something? Let's see.Yes, I have the address and telephone number here.
Oh, you're staying at the downtown Hilton.Then, you go down two blocks this way and turn left.You' ll find it on the right.
Well, I don't understand it very well.Will you draw me a map?

Excuse me, but could you tell me the way to the railway station?
The railway station? Just go down this street and turn left at the second corner. The station is at the end of that street.
How long will it take me to get there?
It's about a ten-minute walk.
That's very clear. I think I can find my way now. Thank you.
Not at all.

How does the political system work in your country?
We have hundreds of constituencies and the voters in each one elect a member of parliament. Most people call them mp’s.
Each mp belongs to a political party, right?
Almost all of them do. A few are independent. That means that they do not belong to a party.
If one party more than half of the mp’s. they form a government. That means that they choose a prime Finist
What’s a cabinet?
This is a small group of people-perhaps 25 mp’s who are usually ministers. They make all the big decision and discuss laws and policy.
Can any mp make a law?
Any mp can present a law to parliament. The proposed law is debated and voted on. If it is accepted, it becomes law.
I suppose a proposed a law needs the support of the big political parties.
Yes, it does, because they have most of the mp’s. most mp’s vote the way their party wants them to.
How do people choose which party or candidate to vote for?
They produce manifesto. These documents which states their policies. Some people just vote for the same party every time there is an election. Voters who often change the party they vote for are Calle

How was your interview?
Pretty good. The HR manager asked me the usual questions. Then he wondered why I had decided to leave my previous job.
What did you say?
I told him that I hadn’t got a raise for three years. I also told him that one of my best co-workers quitted her job because she had not been promoted for eight years.
Did he want to know the reasons?
Yes. I told him that my boss made some excuses of the recession. But I thought he had a pattern and a record of promoting men only. That’s sex discrimination.
When will you get the reply?
In a couple of days, I was told.
Wish you good luck?!
Thank you.

What qualities do you think a senior executive should possess?
Generally speaking, he needs creativity, the ability to communicate, sense of personal responsibilities, the ability to solve problems and so on.
Do you have all these qualities?
Yes, I have all of them. I am totally competent to be a senior executive.

Hi. I need more amenities, please.
Could you be a little more specific, sir?
Well, to be more specific, the free stuff, like soap, lotion, and shampoo.
I understand. Now, you're saying that you've already used up all your amenities?
Oh, no?! I've got all I need for my stay here.
So, what's the problem?
I need souvenirs?!
You want some souvenirs?!
Yes, yes. Souvenirs.
But, sir, our souvenir shop carries all those items.
That's not the same thing. If you buy hotel souvenirs, they have no sentimental value.
I understand, sir. I'll call housekeeping. You'll have your souvenirs shortly.

Hello, may I help you?
Yes.We' re interested in seeing the rooms for rent.
Oh, how nice.They' re bright rooms and the house is very quiet.
A nice quiet house is exactly what we're looking for.
Well, gentleman.Each room is $ 40 a week if you think that's OK.
That sounds just wonderful to us. When do you want to move in?
How about this afternoon?
Fine. I'll be expecting you around two.

Are you ready to order? May I suggest a veal?
No, I'll have the fish please.
The chicken is also nice.
No, I want the fish.
Our special tonight is lobster.
Thank you, but I prefer the fish.
Perhaps you'd enjoy the lamb.
No, I like the fish.
What ever you say?

Am I ever hungry? When will supper be ready?
It's almost ready. Can you set the table?
All right. Want to taste this dish?
Yeah. Oh, it's delicious?! Really?
Definitely. It's a wonderful meal.
Thank you, Honey. If you like to help me do the dishes, I'll be more dreadful.
I wish I could, but I won't.

Good morning, Kate. Long time no see.
Good morning, Vera, Nice to meet you.
Kate, I know you’Ve been a stewardess for more than one year. And I’ll have an interview on stewardess tomorrow. Can you tell me some etiquette about the interview?
Of course. First you should do up your long hair and do make up but not too thick.
Is there anything else I should pay attention to?
Yes, when you attend the interview, you should pay attention to your manner, style of conversation and expression. You should keep smiling always, being polite when you talk with the interviewer. Don't move from time to time when you sit there. And you also should know how to use eye contact.
Thank you, I've learned so much from you.
That’s all right. Hope you can do better tomorrow.

Can you fix me a cup of tea, Johnny?
Well... uh... how about a glass of juice instead?
No. I'd like tea. Can you put it in my favorite cup? You probably washed it...
Oh, yeah. Well, uh, about your mug... I'll find it...
Where are all the floral pattern plates? And dad's Yankee's mug?

Good morning, sir. May I help you?
Yes, I'd like to settle my bill.
Certainly sir. May I have your room key, please?
Sure. Here you are.
Just a moment, please. I'll draw up your bill for you... Thank you for waiting, sir. Your bill totals two thousand six hundred and fifty-eight yuan, including the phone and laundry.
That much?! Would you mind letting me have a look at it?
Not at all, sir. Here you are.
Thanks. Well, It seems to be right. How much is that in dollars, please?
Just a moment, sir. I'll calculate that for you. It comes to 305 dollars and 52 cents at today's exchange rate.
I see. OK. How would you like to make the payment?
In cash, please.
Here you are.
Thank you, sir... Here is your change. Could you check it, please? Thank you for choosing our hotel. I hope you enjoyed your stay.
By the way, please forward my mail to this address.
Certainly, sir. We hope you have a good trip.

Hi, Sam. I want to buy a pet. Do you have any ideas?
You really should go to Rachel's pet store.
why? anything special there?
it's more than special. You can find as many kinds of animals as you can put a name to and more.
Oh, really? are there any snakes?
snakes? there are even rodents and monkeys?! it's a world of exotic pets.
that's terrific. I can't wait to check it out.
Hang on. are you sure you want to keep a non-traditional pet?
why not? it's so cool.
but it will pose a risk to your health.
pardon?
i mean, most reptiles carry some harmful bacteria. they are likely to cause immune system problems.
well, I didn't realize that. I don't believe it's a good choice to keep those pets, especially for families with young children.
oh, I should have thought of my brother's baby girl. Maybe I'll just have a dog instead of an exotic pet.
yes, good luck, Maria.

I’m a new student. My name’s Robert. Nice to meet you.
My name’s Sophie. Are you French?
Yes, I’m. Are you French, too?
No, I’m not. What nationality are you?
I’m Italian. Are you a teacher?
No, I’m not. What’s your job?
I’m a keyboard operator. What’s your job?
I’m an engineer.

I can’t believe Obama is our President.
I am proud to know that he is our President.
You voted for him, right?
Did you vote for him, because I know that I did.
I did, too. I have nothing but faith in Obama.
Really? I’m sure he will help better America.
We do need some change in this country.
Our country is already changing as it is.
You’re absolutely right. I trust that he will take good care of our country.

Do you have a reservation, sir?
No, I’m afraid we don’t.
I’m sorry the restaurant is full now. You have to wait for about half an hour. Would you like to have a drink at the lounge until there’s a table available.
No, thanks, I’ll come back later. May I reserve a table for two?
Yes, of course. May I have your name, sir?
Bruce
By the way, can we have a table by the window?
we’ll try to arrange it, but I can’t guarantee sir.
That’s fine.
your table's ready, sir? Please step this way.

Do you have coffee shops in China, too?
Yes, of course. There are many tea houses and bars in China, too. People can drink, eat and relax at these places.
You like to go to these places, don’t you?
Yes, sometimes the music there is so beautiful. It is very romantic. I can stay there for hours.
Do you often go there alone?
No, I often go there with my friends.

Hi there?! I am looking for a new car. I have this old Ford Pinto that I would like to trade in.
I see. You are in luck this month because all of our models are on sale?! it is a perfect time to buy a new car since it’s the end of the year.
Perfect?!
I like this one.
That is the Ford Focus. A very light but powerful vehicle. It comes with dual side airbags, power steering and power windows, tinted windows and your choice of either automatic or manual transmission.
Sounds like a good car?! How many miles to the gallon?
It is a very fuel efficient vehicle giving you about 34 miles in the city and 40 on the highway.
That is really convenient. Especially now that fuel prices are so high?!
What’s under the hood?
A very powerful 2.5- liter turbocharged engine, Trust me, this car is fast?!
Now for the most difficult question. What is the price tag for this lovely vehicle?
Very affordable mam. You can take it out of this lot today with 0 % down payment and no interest for the first year?! You can test drive it now and we can sign the papers when we get back.
Great?! Let’s do it?!

I wonder if you could help me, I'm looking for a room.
Well, I have got a vacancy.
What sort of price are you asking?
Eight dolls fifty a week excluding laundry.
Would it be convenient to see the room?
Can you call back later? We're right in the middle of lunch.

Could you give me an expense report? I would like to attach the invoices for my phone bill this season.
Here you are. Do you need glue?
That is very kind of you. I’m just running out of glue.
You’re welcome.

IBA, Jane speaking. How can I help you?
Hello. I'd like to speak to someone regarding my card.
Sorry, I'm not quite sure if I understand. In what way, Sir? Has your card been stolen?
No, no. Nothing at all like that. It's just that I applied for a credit card with you a while ago, my application was accepted, but I'm still waiting for my card.
Oh, I see, Sir. Well, it does take 5 working days to issue and post the card.
Yes, my application was accepted last Friday. Now it's Wednesday, that's more than 5 days.
Sorry, Sir, but it's 5 working days. This does not include weekends, so your card should be with you later this week.
Of course?! How silly of me?! Yes, 5 working days would mean this Friday, at the earliest.
I see. I'm sorry to trouble you.
It's no trouble at all, Sir. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nothing, thanks. I again apologise for the misunderstanding, bye for now.

What can I do for you, sir?
We'd like to order breakfast for tomorrow morning.
Yes, sir. What would you like?
Orange juice, scrambled eggs, bacon, toast and coffee.
OK, and when shall I bring it here?
About seven thirty.By the way, could you also bring me tomorrow's papers?
Of course, sir.

What shall we do when we find a shortage in the shipment?
You should do one of the two things - either to lodge a claim with the shipowner or with the insurance company.
Shall we leave it to the brokers?
Yes. They usually do it. Do they charge for that?
Of course. In Europe, they charge a commission of 1 % of the amount of the claim for their service.
Is it the same in America?
They do the work without charge to the importer. It's part of their service, isn't it?
Exactly. Is it enough to claim with an on board bill of lading?
No, you must also obtain a statement from the shipping agent certifying that the goods were actually loaded on their vessel for shipment.
I see. By the way, how do we prove the ownership of our goods?
You must provide full original set of ocean bills of lading original insurance policy or certificate and the original commercia invoice.
I see. Thank you.
You are welcome.

I'll be on business for a couple of days, could you take care of your sister?
OK, Mum, when will you be back?
I'll be back in ten days.

Passport, please, madam.
Just a minute, please. It's in my bag. Here it is.
Thank you. Please fill out the Baggage Declaration Form.
All right. Shall I enter all my belongings?
No, only the articles listed on the Declaration.

I’m hungry, let’s go grab a bite to eat.
Yeah me too.
Oh?! Can we stop at the shop really fast? I lost my makeup bag at the airport and I want to pick up a few things.
Will you take long?
No?! Five minutes I promise?!
Come on?! We have been here for almost an hour?! I thought you said you were only going to get a few things?! How long does it take you to pick out a lipstick and some nail polish?!
Are you crazy? You have no idea what you are talking about?! Just for my eyes I have to get eye-liner, an eyelash curler, eye shadow, an eyebrow pencil and mascara. Then I need to get foundation, liquid foundation.
Whoa whoa whoa?! Are you nuts? How much is all this going to cost? I’m looking at the price at each one of these little things and it’s outrageous?! This is basically a crayon?!
What about you? You spend as much or more money on your razors, after shave, cologne and gel?! Not to mention how much you spend on clothes and...
Fine?! Get the stupid thirty dollar crayon?!

Can I borrow five bucks?
No?!
Come on?! I'll pay you back on Tuesday.
Last time I lent you money, you never paid me back.
I promise if you lend me five dollars today, I will repay you in full next week.
Ok, but I'm taking your skateboard as collateral.
Fine?! I can't believe you don't trust me.
It's nothing personal, just business.

May I help you, sir?
Yes, please. I'm looking for a cotton polo shirt.
Any particular colour?
Not really. How about this one?
I like the design, but don't particularly care for the colour. Do you have that in other colours, too?
Well, they come in white, pale yellow, aqua, red and green. Will a white one do?
Yes. I prefer white - and may I see a pale yellow one, too?
Why, of course. Let's see... White... Pale yellow. Here you are, sir.

I’m so surprised to meet you in this remote village. Long time no see.
Yeah. How are you these days?

You look terrific and in good shape.
Thank you. How do you keep fit?
I do yoga twice a weeks
Yoga? It sounds interesting.
It was hard at the beginning, but now feel it's really relaxing. It makes me flexible.
Anything else?
Yes, I often go swimming. Are you interested in swimming?
Yes, I like it very much.

Are you going home now?
No, I'm not. What are you going to do? Are you going to work late?
No, I'm not. I'm going to look for an apartment.
An apartment? Why?
I'm going to try to find a place near the office.
Where are you living now?
Out in the suburbs. It's a long trip to work every day.
How are you going to find an apartment?
I'm going to buy a newspaper and check the classified ads.
Apartments in the city are expensive.
I know, but I'm going to enroll in a night school to take a course in business management.

no, no, you helped me with my computer last week. I want to repay the favor.
no, it's definitely my turn to treat you... you paid last time?!
oh, that was just a quick bite to eat---that doesn't count?!
ok, ok, how about we just go Dutch?
It's settled.
Listen, I'm still pretty new around here, would it be alright if you found the restaurant?
ok... sure.

I am waiting for a fax but just now I found there’s something wrong with the fax machine.
What’s wrong with the fax machine? Is it urgent?
Yes, very urgent. And there is no other fax machine around. And the office of our boss is closed, so I can not use his machine either. And his secretary is out. Do you have any suggestion?
Either call this extension number 0085 or ask them to send the fax to you as e-mail, you print it out.

Hey, Jim. It's time to wake up and get out of bed.
Do I have to get up now?
You'd better get up, or you'll be late.
What're you talking about? My alarm even hasn't gone off yet.
Yes, it did. It went off thirty minutes ago. You slept right through it. You're like a dead person while you sleep.
I must have slept right through it.
Rise and shine?! Sleepyhead?!
Just let me sleep five more minutes.
The early bird gets the worm.
I know, I know. But I don't want any worms. Ha?! Ha?!
If you don't make an effort now, later on it'll be a lot tougher for you.

What shall we do tonight?
How about the cinema?
That's a good idea. We haven't seen a film for ages. What would you like to see?
Oh I don't know. Titanic?
Titanic? That old film? but I've seen it before?!

I’Ve been told you might have a vacant room.
Yes. I have a spare room.
How much are you asking?
10.00 dollars a night.
Could I see the room, please?
Sure.Come on in.

Sit down, please. What's wrong with you?
I feel cold, and I'm shivering. I have a terrible headache and a sore throat.
How long have you been like that?
About a day.
Let me have a look at your throat first. Please open your mouth and say " ah ".
Ah... And show me your tongue... Thank you. That'll do. You have slight tonsillitis, and your throat is inflamed. How is your appetite?
Not so good. Now, let me take your temperature. Please put this thermometer under your armpit and let me feel your pulse? Your pulse is weak.
Do I have a temperature, doctor?
Yes, you have a high fever. I'd like to give you a blood test.

Yikes?! What was that noise?
I had to blow my nose.
Did you have to blow right next to the phone? Did you hear that?
Of course I heard that. I thought a plane had crashed into your house.
It wasn't that loud.
I will blow my nose sometime for you, and you'll see.
Okay. I'll take your word for it. I thought you had an elephant in your house.
You're funny.
What did you say? I think I've gone deaf.
I'm going into the bathroom to blow my nose. I'll be right back.

Can I have the check please?
Right away, sir.
Is this amount correct?
Yes, sir, it is.
Thank you, the service was good
Please come again.

Nowadays fewer and fewer people go to the movie theaters to see films. So I am afraid that the film studios are really getting hard time to survive.
What you said is true. But the film producers there are more flexible ways to get more audience. For example, to make more movie Ccds, so people will spend money buying them. But it is true that cinemas are losing the attraction they used to have in the past.
Yes. Take myself for example. I seldom go to cinemas, but it doesn't mean I no longer see films ; instead, I see films at home-watching Ccds.

Okay, well I’m sure you have a number of questions to ask me regarding the position.
Yes, well Miss Childs did give mean overview of the position over the phone, but there were some details I’d like to clarify.
Well feel free to ask me anything, and I’ll try to fill in the details. Could I first ask about the remuneration package?
Yes, of course. That’s quite an important point, isn’t it? As a junior sub editor we offer a starting salary of 150,000 HK dollars per annum. This doesn’t include a generous housing allowance also.
I understand. And are there other bonuses included?
Well, apart from full health insurance we do offer a company staff bonus scheme linked to readership numbers. But we could go through all the details of that at a later date.
Well, Mr. Parsons, I am flexible when it comes to salary. The opportunity to work in Hong Kong for you is the most important thing for me.
Excellent. Well, what other questions do you have Rebecca?

We need to take the accounts system offline to carry out the upgrade. But don't worry, it won't cause too much inconvenience. We're going to do it over the weekend.
How long will the system be down for?
We'll be taking everything offline in about two hours' time. It'll be down for a minimum of twelve hours. If everything goes according to plan, it should be up again by 6 pm on Saturday.
That's fine. We've allowed forty-eight hours to be on the safe side.

Welcome to IBA. Can I help you?
Yes, please. I'm here for an International Settlement. Our company has to effect payment, and it needs to be done today. Here's the advice slip for the payment.
Thanks. I'm sorry to say that you need to get this stamped. There is no stamp on this slip and it is essential before I can process it for you.
I see. So, I need to stamp it. And sign it too?
Yes, that's right. Down here, at the bottom right hand corner to show that you agree to pay the printed amount.
I'll go back to the office and get it sorted and pop back later.
Thanks, bye for now.

That's the warehouse where the large items of office equipment are stored. If I ordered a desk today, how would it be before I got delivery in Scotland?
Well, I think perhaps you'd better speak to our Production Manager, Mr. Yao. You'll meet him when we go over to the factory.

Excuse me. I have just missed the connection plane due to the heavy fog in London. Can I change my ticket now?
Please Show your ticket and passport.
Here you are.
Which flight do you want to change?
The next one to my destination. I have to be there as soon as possible.

Hi, can I speak with the apartment manager, please?
Hello, this is the apartment manager speaking.
I'm calling about the apartment for rent on Main Street.
Would you be interested in seeing the apartment?
I would love to see it.
Are you free today at around 6 p. m.?
Yes, I will be able to make it then.
Well, I'll see you at 6 p. m. Do you know how to get there?
I used to live in that area.
I'll give you an application form when I see you.
That sounds good. Do I need to bring anything?
No. Just bring yourself.

Good afternoon. Welcome to China. May I see your passport, customs and health declaration form?
Yes, here you are.
Thank you. W hat's your occupation, Mr. Smith?
I'm the general manager of the Far-East Industry Corporation. You are here on business, aren't you?
Yes, I have been invited by the East Import
I see. Do you have anything to declare?
Yes, I have some foreign currency to declare.
Would you please fill out this currency declaration form? It's a record of the foreign currency you have brought in.
All right.

How much does it cost for a bus pass?
It'll be $ 65 for a monthly pass.
Is there anything cheaper than that?
If you're in school, you can get a student pass.
Well, I am how much will that cost?
The pass is free.
I don't have to pay for anything?
You'll only have to pay for the monthly sticker.
How much is the monthly sticker?
It's $ 24 for each month.
I'll take the student bus pass.
Okay, I'll get you one.

I see there are some workmen on the site. When is the building work due to start?
Well, it'll take three weeks to demolish the old building and clear away the debris. We should be ready to start the construction work in week 23.
How long will the sub contractors be on site?
About ten weeks in total if everything goes according to plan.
I'm sure it will.
So, we should be able to start moving the machinery in during week 34.
I'll confirm that date with our suppliers.

Andrew's Hair Salon, this is Andrew.
Andrew, this is Linda Chen.
Hi Linda, what can I do for you?
I need to set up an appointment to get my hair fixed.
For what day?
Tuesday morning.

Have you bought a bus pass yet?
I'm not getting one.
Why is that?
It's cheaper if I don't buy one.
Buying a bus pass will save you money. How do you figure that?
There's no limit to how often you can use your bus pass.
Really? Plus, you don't have to use change for the bus anymore.
I like that.
You want to buy one now?
I'm going to.

Are you ready to order, sir?
Yes, I would like a roast duck and my friend wants steaks.
How do you like your steaks?
I'd like it medium-well.
OK, sir, wait a minute.

Hello, I want to know how much it costs to have a manicure and pedicure.
Usually it's 60 dollars for a manicure, and 80 dollars for a pedicure. But with this special discount, the total for both is only one hundred and 20 dollars, and you can get them painted.
That's nice. I'd like to give it a try. I think I like passion red. please.
Alright.Do you want your cuticles cut, too?
No. Would you like the shapes square or round?
Square. But with round at the edges, please.
All right, it's done. Please follow me to the drying section. How long will it take to get them dry?
Ten or about five minutes. You'll be all set.
I see, thank you.

Hello, this is Lucy. May I speak to Mr. Smith?
Oh, hello, Lucy. What's up?
I'm afraid I can't come to work today, Mr. Smith.
Oh, what's wrong with you?
I've got a fever and a very sore throat.
Well, you sound ill over the phone.
Yes. I have to stay in bed today, but I'll be able to come tomorrow.
That's all right. Have a good rest until you feel well enough.
Thank you, Mr. Smith. Goodbye.
Goodbye, Lucy.

Waiter, we have been waiting for 20 minutes. Would you mind hurrying?
I am sorry, sir, the fish you ordered will take a longer time because we make it with fresh fish.
That's fine. Would you please bring me some wine?
Sure, is dry white wine OK?
Yes.
Thank you.

Hi Bob, I won't be in work tomorrow.
Why, what's the problem?
I have a dentist appointment.
Okay.

I've come about your wools. According to our market survey, wools are likely to find a ready market in our country.
Wonderful?! We can meet your requirements and the offer is ready for you. Here it is. The unit price is USD 15.00 per kilogram.
Do you quote CIF or FOB?
It's FOB Shanghai. Could you quote the price of CIF Hamburg?
Certainly, that's easy. We will work out our CIF offer this evening. Could you come again tomorrow, say, at 10 AM?
Okay, see you tomorrow?!

Hi?! Do you want a fill-up?
Yes, please. Which type of gas do you want? Regular, Super, or Premium Unleaded?
What's the price difference?
Regular is $ 1.15, Super is $ 1.25 and Premium is $ 1.39.
Just fill it up with Regular, Unleaded, please. Do you want me to check the tires and the fluids?
Yes, I would. Thanks a lot.

Is your father in the habit of having naps?
Yes, all of us have naps.
Don't you feel dizzy when you have to get up?
No, not at all.

Excuse me. I need some storybooks in easy English. Do you have anything likethat?
Well, there are a lot of storybooks upstairs in our children's section. Some are written for young children, others for teens. Maybe some of them will suit your needs.
I'll go take a look. Thanks for your help.
You're welcome.

Good morning. I need to speak with the property manager, please.
Good morning. You are speaking to the property manager.
While it was raining last night, water started leaking in from the ceiling.
Was it leaking in the bedroom?
It was in the living room.
Can you tell me which floor you are on?
We are on the bottom floor.
I would like to look at the leak. Will you be home this morning?
Yes, someone will be here to let you in.
Just in case you have to leave, we will just use the master key.

How much is your last salary?
I have earned 10,000 a year including bonuses.
How much do you want us to pay you?
I like to be paid more than that. Hopefully, 150,000 a year.
To be honest, I left the company to get more income.

I hope you can help. I've got a bit of a problem with your ATM.
Of course, that's my job. Oh, dear. What's happened?
Well, it's eaten my card?! It won't give it back?!
I see... calm down, don't worry. May I ask what were you doing when it took your card?
Yes. I was only entering my PIN. I'm terrible at remembering it, I'm so forgetful, you see.
Mmmm... and exactly how many times did you enter it, please?
Maybe three times. As I said, I always forget it.
Ah?! Don't worry ; it's just a security measure. If someone uses a card and cannot get the right PIN after three attempts, the bank keeps the card in case it's stolen. Just contact the bank and we'll get it back to you.
Oh, I see. So if I call my branch they can sort everything out for me?
Yes, they'll be happy to help. Believe me, it happens to many people.
I'd better try harder to memorise my PIN in future. Thanks.

Is this the counter to pick up parcels?
Yes, it is. I want to pick up my parcels.
Please show me your parcel order.
OK. Here you are.
Let me check your parcel number. Song Ping's parcel number should be CP 06230221 5 CN.
Here is your parcel.
Thank you.
Not at all.

Hi Brittany. What are you doing with all of your clothes on your bed?
I'm trying to decide what to wear to school the first day.
Oh, A. Mom didn't tell you?
Didn't tell me what?
What? This Bs' school you're going to is going to make your life easy.
What are you talking about brother? Spill it.
Uniforms, sis, no more worrying about appearances?!
You mean I have to wear the same thing every day?
MOM?!

What would you like for your main dish?
Steak, please.
How would you like it?
Medium rare, please.
Anything else, sir? May I have a glass of red wine, please?
Of course.

Mr. Smith, do you like the hotel we booked?
Yes, we do. We like it very much.
I've come to make sure that your stay in Beijing is a pleasant one.
Thank you so much.

David, we have been doing business for three years, haven't we?
Yes, I'm glad we've had very pleasant cooperation in the previous years.
And your achievement for promoting our clothes was great in the three years. So, I wish to apply for the sole agency of your product in our local market. If you give us the agency, that will be more substantial for our cooperation.
To be frank, you are not the only one who applies for an agent for us in your country. I'd like to know some ideas of terms on which you would be willing to operate as our agent.
As we are a well-established company, we are very familiar with the customers' needs. Besides, we can make full use of our good connections with the wholesalers and retailers here and develop a good market for your products if appointed as your agent.
Sounds reasonable. I will tell my boss about you agent application. Another question, what do you think is the minimum annual sales you can guarantee?
To be on the safe side, and for garment of all materials, sizes, and styles, I think the amount will be 50,000 pieces a year.
Well. As our sole agency, you will neither handle the same or similar products of other origins nor re-export our goods to any other area outside your own.
No, certainly not.

Excuse me. I bought this circulator here yesterday but it doesn't work.
Oh, let's see what's wrong.

Where can I find the produce?
Aisle A is where you'll find all the produce.
What sales do they have today?
I'm sure something is on sale. Please check with the produce person.

Hello, this is Steven from Blue Sky Co. May I speak to Mr. James?
Speaking.
Excuse my troubling you. You purchased our products last year and now I am following up to find out about their workings. Are they still in good condition now?
Yeah, exactly?! I bought them last year. En... at present, they are still in good state.
That's it?! All of them have first-class quality and performance. Besides, we adopt advanced technology. Now we have developed new products. They are much better than what you have bought.
Your company is developing so fast. Maybe later on I will plan to buy more.
That's great?! Thanks for your support. If any, please remember to call us.
I am afraid I have to say goodbye now?!
Bye, Mr. James?!
Bye?!

Ms.Dawson, I need you to take a dictation for me.
Yes, sir... This should go out as an intra-office memorandum to all employees by this afternoon.Are you ready?
Yes, sir.Go ahead.
Attention all staff... Effective immediately, all office communications are restricted to email correspondence and official memos.The use of Instant Message programs by employees during working hours is strictly prohibited.
Sir, does this apply to intra-office communications only? Or will it also restrict external communications?
It should apply to all communications, not only in this office between employees, but also any outside communications.
But sir, many employees use Instant Messaging to communicate with their clients.
They will just have to change their communication methods. I don't want any - one using Instant Messaging in this office.It wastes too much time?! Now, please continue with the memo.Where were we?
This applies to internal and external communications.
Yes.Any employee who persists in using Instant Messaging will first receive a warning and be placed on probation.At second offense, the employee will face termination.Any questions regarding this new policy may be directed to department heads. Is that all?
Yes.Please get this memo typed up and distributed to all employees before 4 pm.

Do you have everything?
Let's see... my ID card, my passport, and my suitcase. I'm pretty sure I've got everything.

This is Dunlin. Is this Mrs Smith speaking?
Yes, what can I do for you?
I just want to call and say thank you for letting me interview yesterday.
You are welcome, Mr. Sun.
And I also want to know what the status is of the position.
Sorry, we haven't made the decision at all. But we should be making the decision by the end of this week. And we'll get in touch with you once we make it.
Do you have any questions we didn't cover in the interview?
No. Thank you, I am looking forward to hearing from you. Bye-bye.
Thank you for the calling. Bye-bye.

I often sneeze after having a bad itch inside my nose. Sometimes this is accompanied by an itching throat.
Any other discomfort?
Yes. Sometimes I can notice a constriction in the chest and shortness of breath after a fit of sneezing. And I often suffer from a running nose with a profuse watery discharge.
Does it occur seasonally or all year round?
It has been seasonal during these past three years.
Are you sensitive to other things?
Yes, things like seafood and penicillin-type drugs.
OK. Let me examine your nose. According to your case history and the examination, I believe that it's allergic rhinitis.
What useful treatment can you offer?
I'll give you a series of specific skin tests. Then we'll know exactly what substances you're allergic to. Then I'll give you some causes of desensitization therapy.

Miss, would you like to try this free sample of our new suntan cream?
Sure, why not?
This is a new product of company this year. It's oil-free.
I see. It feels very light on the skin.
It gives your skin a very natural healthy look. I like the cool smell, too.

So how can I make it?
First you make a list of what you wanna buy...
But I’Ve gotta have the budge before anything else.
Well, that’s a problem, isn’t it?

Did you have a part-time job when you were still in school?
No, I was way too busy studying all the time. How about you?
Yeah, I worked about twenty hours a week in a pizza restaurant.
What was that like?
It was always very busy there. What did you do?
I stood behind the register and took pizza orders.
Did you get any perks on the job?
Yeah, I got to eat as much pizza as I could for free.

Okay. I'd like to change some euro into US dollars, please.
Sure. How much would you like to change?
Six hundred euro.
Very good. May I see your passport?
Here you are.
How would you like your bills?
In fifties please.

Why are you reading the classifieds? What do you need?
I'm looking for a bookcase, but I don't want to buy a new one.
Are you having any luck?
Not really. There aren't any used bookcases listed. But there are a few rummage sales on Saturday. I think I'll go to them.
Do you mind if I go with you?
Not at all. These private sales are great places to bargain. And sometimes you can find terrific things among all the junk.
I learned to negotiate from my mother. I thought I was pretty good at bargaining, but I had a problem the other day at Kimble's Department Store.
What happened?
I wanted to buy a beautiful wool sweater for my girlfriend. It was priced at forty dollars, so I started by offering the salesclerk thirty.

Do you do a lot of your shopping online?
Not really. I like looking on the internet at what’s available, but I usually prefer to actually see and touch what I’m buying before I pay for it. Sometimes, I’ll look at something in a shop, but lat No. I’m a little worried about security. You never know who’s trying to find out your codes and passwords. Aren’t you worry about that?
Not really. I know that it happens, but if you buy from reputable companies with secure websites, you should be ok.
Even though I use online shopping facilities, I don’t think it’s the best way to sho
I’m surprised to hear you say that. I thought you loved anything technological.
I do. I’m a big fan of using new technology, but I don’t want to sit in front of a computer screen all day. I think people need to get out and interact with other people. So, how about coming to the department store with me? I want to see if there are any new summer clothes on sale yet.
Sure. I’d love to join you. Can we stop by the computer store? I just want to see if they have something.
Sure. While you’re in the computer store. I will visit the book store opposite. I like to browse through their books and see if they have anything interesting.
Ok. I’Ve finished online. Let’s go.
I’ll just get some money and my credit card.
Thanks for reminding me. I had forgotten to get mine.

Please help yourself at your dishes. I hope you’ll enjoy what you’Ve got.
It suits my taste. You are really a good cook.
Would you like to try my special recipe?
Wow, let me try. It tastes nice.
How did you make it?
It’s as easy as pie. I always follow recipes.

Mr. Dick. Does the recommendation of the university play an important role?
Yes. In fact, the recommendation letter written by the university is an indirect self-recommendation. In the long period of cooperation, the university has established good relationship with the companies or organizations, they trust each other well. If your university recommends you, you can be approved more easily.
But I find that most of the recommendation letters written by universities are the same. So I doubt its authority.
More and more persons have the same discoveries since most universities do that in order to save energy. If your university also does like this, you can look for other methods, because such kinds of recommendations say nothing for you. Could you tell me whether or not I send out my resume with it?
It depends. If it has something special or useful, I suggest you send it out.

Taylor, can you tell me how to apply for a job on the Internet?
Just fill out an application. Do I have to send an E-mail?
You are expected to know the E-mail address of the unit.
But I still don't know which unit is in need of staff. Send out an application through Job-wanted on the website.
Can any unit see my information?
It's a two-way choice. And your application will be read.
Which websites offer this service?
Sina, 21st Century Talent Net, and a few others.
Thank you.

Don’t throw your weight around. I can’t bear you any more.
I dare you to say that again.

Were you a leader when you were in college?
Yes. I was Propaganda department minister of our university.
Did you get any honors or awards at your university?
No. It’s a pity about it. Were you involved in any club activities at your university?
Yes. I was a member of the basketball Society. I like playing basketball.
What extracurricular activities did you usually take part in at your college?
I sometimes played basketball and sometimes played football.

You want to argue your ticket today?
Yes. That is why I'm here.
Tell me your argument.
I was pulled over for allegedly speeding.
Are you sure you weren't speeding?
To be honest, I really wasn't. What speed were you going?
I was under the speed limit. I was going 35, when the speed limit was 40.
I'm just going to let you go, since the arresting officer isn't here.
What about my ticket? Do I still need to pay?
Don't worry about it.
I'm so glad for your help.

Annie, do you like shopping online?
Yes, I like it, because it's convenient. Last week, I tried to buy a new cellphone online, but I didn't know how to pay for it.
First, you should open an account at the online bank. After that, you can buy anything you want online.
Are there many things online?
Sure. You can find everything all over the world. Let's check it out online?!
( They log in a shopping website. ) That's amazing. Oh, an on line virtual supermarket? Let's click to check it out. Oh, I got it. It simulates the real supermarket, which makes it feel so real.
Mom will love it. She loves shopping in supermarkets.

Ah, Bob. Just the person I wanted to see.
So what is it?
You gotta help me out this time, buddy.
Another tough thing, I guess.

Hey?! What happened??! My song was only half way through and it skipped to the next song.
I don't know what happened?! You cancelled the song, didn't you, Jack?
No, I didn't.
Really?! Then, is the machine broken or...

Good evening, Do you have a reservation?
Yes. The reservation under Mr. Watson.
Ah, yes, a table for four at 8 Em, no, thanks. I think we'll go straight to the table, By the way. may I check my overcoat here?
Certainly, sir. We'll keep it in the cloakroom for you. Here is your number. When you leave, show it to the waiter behind the counter, please.
Thank you. Could you show us to our table now? Would you please follow me, please?
Thank you. This is your table. It's Number 10.

Hello, ma’am. Can I help you? I’m looking for a sweater.
What size are you looking for?
Well, I’m looking for size 10 but you don’t have it.
How about this one? I think it looks terrific on you.
Yes, I like the color. Can I try it on?
Sure. The fitting room is on your right.
It fits well. I like it a lot. What do you think?
You look pretty in red.
Oh, it’s my favorite. How much is it?
$ 29.99.
Okay. I’ll take it. Thank you very much for your help.
You’re welcome.

Do you have any cars available?
We have only one mid-size car left.
Great, what's the rate per day?
It's 40 $ plus tax per day on limited mileage.
I'm going to need it for three days. Can I see your driver's license?
Sure, here is my driver's license.
Please sign here.

Are you ready to order? I think that we have a pretty good idea of what we would like to order.
Let me tell you about the specials of the day, which are chicken in a wine sauce with capers, and grilled garlic shrimp.
I was wondering if the chef could leave off the sauce.
The chef would be happy to accommodate your special requests.
I am a vegetarian. Do you have any vegetarian selections?
You could choose the roasted vegetable and garlic pizza or the goat cheese and candied walnut salad.
I think that we will split the roasted vegetable and garlic pizza.
That is a good selection, and I can bring your salads now or serve them with your entree.
You can bring us our salads when you bring us our entree.

I can't open this email attachment our Paris office has sent me. Are you sure you're using the right program?
Well, yes it's definitely the same program but I might have the wrong version. Their system is newer than ours.
That's why you can't open it. You'll have to upgrade before you can read the file.

What kind of character do you think you have?
Generally speaking, l am an open-minded person.
What is your strongest trait?
Cheerfulness and friendliness.
How would your friends or colleagues describe you?
They say Mr. Sun is a friendly, sensitive, caring and determined person.
What personality do you admire?
I admire a person who is honest, flexible and easy-going.
How do you get along with others?
I get on well with others.

Hi, I need to make an appointment to see the doctor.
What seems to be the problem?
I have a rash that I need a doctor to look at.
Do you have a fever with that rash?
No, it just itches a lot.
I have openings on Tuesday or Wednesday. Which would be best for you?
I need an appointment on Tuesday.
Fine, I am putting you down for 9
I would like to see Dr. Jones.
I can schedule you with him with no problem.
We look forward to seeing you.

Wow?! What's the hold up?
It’s probably just people trying to get an early start out of the city for the weekend. Nobody sticks around in the summer.
Really? Then, I guess I won’t have a hard time finding a room or getting a cab?
Actually, you might because there’s a big convention in town this weekend.
I’m not too worried about it. I always seem to find something.

Hello, how can I help you today?
I'd like to withdraw some money from my account.
Please fill out this slip stating how much you wish to withdraw.
Well, actually, it's quite a substantial amount. Here's my Bank Book. Will that cause a problem?
On your account there is no limit to over the counter withdrawals, it won't cause a problem.
Here's your money, 10,000 RIB. Please count it before you leave.
Yes, that seems to be all in order. Thanks very much.

Quality is very important to us. We work to very low tolerance levels. We need to have guaranteed supplies of consistently high quality raw materials. Over the years we've built up very good relationships with our suppliers.
Do you have many different suppliers?
Yes. There are about fifty names on our approved supplier list, but for raw materials we tend to deal with three local companies.

Mary, can you tell me how you keep in shape?
You'll never be in shape until you eat less and take more exercise. Now, tell me what you often eat.
I often eat fish and eggs. Do you eat a lot of vegetables?
Oh yes, and fruits. I love fruits very much.
What do you like to drink?
Well, I never drink alcohol, coffee or tea. Whatever would you like to drink?
I drink a lot of milk. I drink milk almost every day. How often do you exercise?
Well, I walk every day. It's a good diet and a regular exercise.
Yes, quite right.

I am sorry, but I cannot stay for the rest of class today.
Why do you need to leave early?
I don’t feel so good. What doesn’t feel right?
I feel as if I am going to be sick to my stomach.
Perhaps you should get checked out at the Student Health Center before you go home.
I have some medicine at home that I could take.
Are you going to be OK to drive home, or would you like someone to go with you?
Thank you, but my friend is in the library, and he can give me a ride home.
We hope that you are feeling better soon. E-mail me if you have any questions.

Your boyfriend is so considerate to you. When do you plan to marry?
It’s still up in the air. There is something wrong between us.

We're considering of ordering 200 computers, but I'm wondering about the price you'll possibly offer.
Our price will be not less than $ 5000.
Your price is higher than I expected. Could you give us a little discount?
This is already our best price. But the price is always negotiable and you should consider our quantity of order.
Well, what would you suggest? Could you make it $ 4500?
I'm afraid that there is no room to negotiate the price. This is the best price we can quote.
Can we meet each other half way?
What do you mean? Let's close the deal at $ 4800, OK?
You drive a hard bargain?! OK, that's a deal.

I'm now on the Songshan airport getting ready for departure. I realized that I might have left my watch.
Yes, Ma'am. May I have your name and room number?
My name is Terry. I stayed last night in your hotel in room 132. What kind of watch is it?
It's a brand-new Seiko wrist watch.
Yes, we have it.
Oh, I'm glad to hear that. Would you kindly send it to the Hilton Hotel?

What are your thoughts on the apartment?
I think that it’s absolutely gorgeous.
There aren’t any problems with the apartment?
I think that the apartment looks very nice, but I do see some problems.
What problems?
I did notice a few stains in the carpet.
We will have the carpet cleaned before you move in.
You will?
Yes, but other than that, are there any more problems?
That was the only thing that I saw that was wrong with the apartment.
I’m happy that you find this apartment so appealing.
It is. I love it.

That China-gown of Tang-Dynasty style is so beautiful. Would you show it to me, please?
Absolutely. Here it is.
Could I try it on?
Please do, the fitting-room is over there.
It feels a little tight around the waist. Do you have a bigger one?
I'm sorry. We don't have this color in your size. We have some green ones in your size. Would you please have a look at this green one?
OK. How much does it cost?
It's 486 yuan.
Mmm, it is reasonable.

Mrs. Wang, would you give us an idea of the price you regard as workable?
As I said before, your price is so high that we find it difficult to make a bid. We hope you will take the initiative and bridge the gap.
Just to comply, we're ready to reduce the price by 5 percent. I hope this concession of ours will get the ball rolling.
So do we. Certainly it's a step forward on your side. But the gap is still too wide.
The ball is in your court, Mrs.Wang. What price would you suggest?
To make your offer workable, I think you should take another step down as big as the one you've just taken.
That won't do. You see, our profit margin is very narrow. It simply can't stand such a big cut.
I hate to disappoint you, Mr. Brown, but if that's the case, we have no alternative but to cover our requirements elsewhere.
Do think it over, please. We sincerely hope our discussion will come to a successful conclusion.
Well, I'm not authorized to agree to such a big reduction. Would you mind waiting a day or two, until I get a reply from the home office?
Not at all. Shall we meet again, say, on Friday morning?
Good. Friday morning at 9.

Good morning. Good morning.This is Mary.Can I speak to Anne please?
I’m sorry She isn’t in at the moment. She will come back at half past nineCan I take a message for her?
Thank you.But I will call her later
OK.Goodbye.
Goodbye.

Hi, Jane. How are you doing this morning?
I’m all right, thanks. Just a little tired.
Late night?
Yeah, I got home around two.

We've been waiting here for nearly ten minutes now, and there still isn't a bus in sight. I'm afraid we'll be late for the party. Have you got the time, Tom?
Yes, my watch says a quarter to seven. but there is something wrong with my watch?!
But you bought it only last month.
Yes, but ever since I bought it, it gains about five minutes a day, so I' Ve got to have it repaired.
How long will it take us to get there?
I think about ten minutes by bus.
It's not far away, then. Let's walk, it's beginning to rain.
Wait?! I think I see a bus coming now.
Let's hope it's the No. 22 bus.

Hi, Mr. Smith. I'm Doctor Hawkins. Why are you here today?
I found it would be a good idea to get a check-up.
Yes, well, you haven't had one for 5 years. You should have one every year.
I know. I figure as long as there is nothing wrong, why go see the doctor?
Well, the best way to avoid serious illnesses is to find out about them early. So try to come at least once a year for your own good.
Ok. Let me see here. Your eyes and ears look fine. Take a deep breath, please. Do you smoke, Mr. Smith?
Yes.
Smoking is the leading cause of lung cancer and heart disease, you know. You really should quit.
I've tried hundreds of times, but I just can't seem to kick the habit.
Well, we have classes and some medications that might help. I'll give you more information before you leave.
Ok, thanks doctor.

Good afternoon. Mr. Tylor's office?
I'm afraid you've got the wrong extension.
I'm sorry, but could you please transfer this call to Mr. Tylor's office?
Sure, please hold on.
Thank you. Now Mr. Tylor's on the line. Go ahead, please.
You are so kind, you helped me a lot.
You are welcome. Bye?!

Good afternoon, Lexington Software. Angelina Dawson, how can I help?
Hello, this is Quinn from IBA.
Ah, hello Quinn. Oh dear, you are calling to tell me there is a problem, aren't you?
I'm afraid so, yes.
Hmm... well, it was my first attempt?! Is it a very big mistake, or can we just alter it?
Unfortunately it's rather a big mistake.
What do you recommend we do?
I would recommend we scrap this one and you bring in another set as soon as possible.
I trust your judgement. Thank you, Quinn. I'll be back tomorrow with a new set. Bye for now.

Oh?!?!?! I have a horrible toothache.
You should go to the dentist.
I hate dentists.
Well, suffer then. If you have a toothache, you have to go to the dentist. It always hurts.
I hate going.
Stop being such a baby. If it really hurts that much, just let them knock you out.
O. K., O. K., I’ll go.
Good. You'll feel better after you do.

Hi, I would like to purchase a one way ticket to Brussels, please.
Certainly sir, this is our train schedule. We have an express train departing every morning and an overnight train that departs at nine pm.
How long does it take to get there?
About twelve hours. We currently have tickets available only for first class on the express train. If you’d like, you can choose a sleeper on the overnight train which is a bit less expensive.
Yeah, I think that is the best option. Do you serve food on the train? Twelve hours is such a long time?!
Yes, of course. There is a dining car towards the front of the train where they serve meals at all times. We do provide complimentary water and coffee for all of our passengers.
Great?! I’ll take it. Here you are sir. Your train leaves from platform number nine at nine on the dot. Remember to be here at least thirty minutes before your scheduled departure time or else you might miss your train?!
I understand. Thank you very much?! Have a great trip.

I would like to take a trip to the beach this weekend.
A trip to the beach would be fun. How is the weather going to be?
The forecast says that it will be warm on the weekend.
So do you think it'll be perfect weather for the beach?
It sounds like it will be. I really hope it doesn't get cold. That would ruin things, I want to go so badly.
The weather in California is unpredictable, so you never know.
That is true. The weather is constantly changing. It would be nice if the weather would never change.
That would be great, then we could plan things sooner. True.
Predictable weather would make life easier.

Some companies use to ban dating among employees, but now they have realized it is something in avertable. People spend so much time at work. It is not surprising for one to have a crash on the other. If we think positively, office love can be beneficial to company.
Beneficial? I don’t think so. If two employees get married, they will leave at the same time for a honeymoon, or later one of them will stay at home taking care of babies. If they break up, the company will probably have to relocate one of them to make the workplace more comfortable. By any means, the company must spare extra efforts to solve problems brought by an office dating.
But if two employees are in love, they will be happy. Happy people are more productive. If they develop an intimate relation with each other, they are willing to share knowledge and experience. It can help to improve work efficiency.
I doubt that.

Do you eat a lot of healthy food?
Compared with healthy food, unhealthy food just tastes so much better. And anyway, I believe if you live a low stress Life and are active, you can get away with eating whatever you like. It's all in the mind.
You have the point. I think cancer is caused by more worry than by the things we consume. Some good things you should try are cranberry juice, wild rice and yoghurt.
What's special about these things?
Cranberry juice is very good for destroying harmful bacteria in your guts because it's very acidic. Wild rice is high in fibre so it's good for your guts and it's high in protein and minerals-I think it's also tastier than normal rice. Yoghurt's good because it's also rich in protein, vitamins and is also acidic. People have been making yoghurt for thousands of years and if you have it every day, your guts will be much more settled.
Thanks. I'm going to follow your advice and pop down to the supermarket right now.

I've been so tired recently. I've been trying, but I don't think I'm up to this job.
You need to take a break, maybe a vacation. Oh, yes, indeed. I've run out of steam.
To be honest, I want to be in a different environment.
Is that so?
Yes, I don't want to be stuck in a rut. I want to move on.
Have you decided?
Yes. I want to get a better job.
Could you tell me why you want to quit?
I quit just because of the dissatisfying salary and the trouble in getting along with my colleagues.
Oh, that's terrible. Do you want to get a higher salary in our company?
I'm afraid not. I've promised my girlfriend. We'll travel southwards to find a job that offers higher pay.
OK, I'd like to say that I've really enjoyed working with you. However, I think you should work harder for your new job and then you can ask for higher pay.
Thank you so much for your advice. And every best wish for your new job.
Thank you.

The train is leaving. Hurry up?! Which car are we in?
Let me see. Oh, No. 11. Here we are, Car 11. Let's get in.
Seats No. 20 and 21. It’s nice that we’Ve got a window seat.
Let's put our suitcases on the rack.
Oh, the baggage rack is full. Put them under the seat for the time being.
All right.

So, how should we get to the theatre? Let's take the bus.
I hate the bus system in London?! The bus drivers are rude, the buses are never on time, and there are few people around who can help you.
It's not that bad. You probably just had a bad experience once.
It wasn't just once. Every single time I take the bus, something bad happens to me or to someone else on the bus.
We could take the subway, but we'd have to go three stops along one line and then change trains twice. Train fares are twice as expensive as the bus fare, too.
If we don't hurry up, we'll miss the show. Should we take the bus?
We're already late, so I think we had better take a taxi.
I don't think we'll be able to find a taxi very easily during hush hours. Let's just take the bus.
Fine. Have a look at the timetable to find out when the next one arrives.
It looks like it should be here in just a few minutes. don't worry. Nothing bad will happen. I'll even buy your ticket for you.
Thanks, that was nice of you.
See, now something good has happened to you on a bus trip?!

Let's go over this plan again. From Vancouver, we bike along the border all the way to Winnipeg. And that is mostly flat, right?
Relatively, once we're out of Alberta, anyway. Then it's hills again in Aitoba.
And from Winnipeg we go around the lakes through Toronto, right?
That's right. And up in to Quebec. And that's where we stop.
It doesn't sound like that much when we go over the plan but that's a long, long ride. Are you ready for the cross country of a lifetime?

Good morning, sir. What can I do for you?
I'm Bill. I'm in Room 908. Can you change the room for me? It's too noisy. My wife was woken up several times by the noise the baggage elevator made. She said it was too much for her.
I'm awfully sorry, sir. I do apologize. Room 908 is at the end of the corridor. It's possible that the noise is heard early in the morning when all is quiet.
Anyhow, I'd like to change our room.
No problem, sir. We'll manage it, but we don't have any spare room today. Could you wait till tomorrow? The American People-to-people Education Delegation will be leaving tomorrow morning. There'll be some rooms for you to choose from.
All right. I hope we'll be able to enjoy our stay in a quiet suite tomorrow evening and have a sound sleep.
Be sure. I'll make a note of that. Everything will be taken care of. And if there is anything more you need, please let us know.

It's time for bed.
I'm not ready to go to sleep. I'm not tired.
It's quite late, and you have an early day tomorrow.
I'm not going to be able to fall asleep.
Why don't you try counting sheep?
I've tried that before. It really doesn't work.
That's beside the point, you still need to go to bed.
Why can't I just stay up until I fall asleep?
If I let you do that, then you're just going to be up all night.
I promise I'll go to sleep soon.
No, you're going to sleep now, so good night.
See you in the morning.

I see myself as being honest, diligent, persevering and creative. And I have a strong sense of responsibility.
How about your psychological resilience?
I think I can work well under pressure, if necessary.
How would you deal with those who are not easy to get along with?
I will just be sincere and friendly to others, and I believe they will treat me the same way.
You seem to be a kind-hearted lady.
Thank you. I simply believe the goodness of human nature.
Please tell me your weaknesses if you can.
I should admit that sometimes I care too much about the details. I am always in pursuit of perfection.

Karen? I need to go over a few things with you.
Certainly. Mr. Graham. When would you like to meet?
I was thinking about this afternoon, after the sales meeting.
Fine. At 3:30?

I believe we' Ve met before. My name's David.
Yes, at your company, I think. I'm Frank.
Oh, I remember now.Very nice to meet you again.
Nice meeting you, too.

I made my little brother cry.
Shame on you?!

I need some mascara. Do you have good thickening mascara?
Of course. Here is our thickening mascara. We also have mascara designed to lengthen the eyelashes.
Alright. And I want to consider your eye shadow too. Do you have a color chart can look at?
We have a very wide selection of colors. And our eye shadow is specially designed to moisturize the skin. So it is very gentle on your eyelids. Would you like to sample some?
Oh, sure I will need to clean off my own eye shadow first.
I can help you with that.
Thank you.

Is this the baggage claim area for flight KB256?
Yes, we are on the same plane.
But I am a transfer passenger. I have a connecting flight to Miami.
So you have to bring your baggage to the transfer check-in area.
Yes.It' s quite troublesome. Why not go and find a porter?

Billy, you don’t look too well. Maybe you should take the day off school.
But Mom?! Today we’re playing football?! I love football?!
You’Ve got a fever and playing football isn’t a good idea for a boy with a fever.
What’s that on your arm?
I don’t know. It was there when I woke up this morning.
It’s rash. I’d better take you to see the doctor.
How did you get that bruise on your leg?
I bashed it against the chair in my room.
Does it hurt?
A little, but not much. Here. Put this wet towel on your face to keep your temperature down. I’ll take you to the doctor’s after breakfast.
If I’m better this afternoon, can I go to school?
If you are better, but I doubt you will be.

This is your schedule.
You're going out of your way for us, I believe.
You are our honored guests.

Are there any vacancies still available?
Yes. We need a plumber here.
I am looking for a job that is more advanced than that, such as sales manager or regional manager.
I am sorry. They are not available now.

My name is Mary, and I will be your waitress tonight.
Thank you, Mary. We have been looking forward to trying out this restaurant.
Before your main course, would you like to order an appetizer?
Sure, that sounds great. Where are your appetizers listed?
There is a special appetizer menu right here in the center of the table.
The chicken and cheese quesadilla looks good. Is that pretty good?
You know, that is one of my favorites?!
OK, I'll take one order of that.
You could choose another appetizer for half price to share.
Perfect?! Please add on an order of onion rings.

I am waiting for a fax but just now I found there's something wrong with the fax machine.
What's wrong with the fax machine? Is it urgent?
Yes, very urgent. And there is no other fax machine around. And the office of our boss is closed, so I can not use his machine either. And his secretary is out. Do you have any suggestion?
Either call this extension number 0085 or ask them to send the fax to you as e-mail, you print it out.

I would like to speak to you, if you don’t mind.
What would you like to speak to me about?
I would like to talk to you about this year’s election.
Is that right? I am a volunteer for this year’s campaign.
That’s wonderful. I am impressed at someone so young taking a stand. I know history is about to be made, and I would like to be a part of it.
That’s fantastic. Are you planning on voting?
I’m going to vote. Go to your polling place early on Election Day.
I will.
Good luck with your volunteering.

We hope that there will be no repetition of this kind of trouble in the future.
Yes. I promise it will not happen again.
We look forward to your settlement at an early date.
We will inform you as soon as possible.

Hello, Steven. How do you get along with your job?
Actually, I learn many things from it. I find that I am a quick learner in new things.
Practice makes perfect. By the way, what do you learn from your job?
At first I didn't know anything about the machine. Now I know how to operate it. Besides, the work gives me a sense of fulfillment and achievement.
Yeah, you are a good learner. I must commend you for your good performance.
Thank you. That's a long way to go for my job.
I appreciate your effort very much. The coffee break is over ; it's about time we set to work.
OK, let's go.

Where on earth are we?
Judging by all the traffic, I'd say we're near the outskirts of the city.
What did I do wrong? Did I take a wrong turn?
I'm not sure, but I think you turned right when you should have turned left on the flyover bridge.
Well, now we should turn back a few kilometres. It seems that the traffic sign is much more important than the map.

Hello. Front desk.
Yes. This is Bob Robinson. I’m calling from room number 627.
Hi, Bob. What can I do for you? Is it possible to change to another room?
Could you please tell me why? My room is facing the swimming pool. It’s noisy for me. I have a problem sleeping. And I feel uncomfortable when I take an elevator.
So you need a quiet side room on the lower floor.
You’re right. Okay. Let me check for a room on the first floor.
Thank you.
I’Ve only two rooms on the first floor. How about room 108?
That’s fine. Can I move now?
Sure. I’ll send the bellman to help you.
Oh, thank you kindly.
You’re welcome.

How long will it take for our order to be delivered?
Let's see. You are importing fifty containers of textiles from China. They should be able to place your order before the end of next week. It will take 2 days for shipping to the port city of Ningpo. The freight will take 3 weeks on the open ocean and will arrive in Los Angeles approximately a month from today. Domestic shipping will be your responsibility, you can make arrangements with the pier in Los Angeles.
Fine, we will handle domestic shipping, but what about customs? Will we have to pay tariff on our imports?
I hope we don't run into any problems with the border control.
No, the Chinese company has that all worked out. With the paperwork you receive with the shipment, you should be good to go.

Now you're my boss, Mr. Henry. Do you have any other particular conditions that you would like the company to take into consideration?
No, nothing in particular. You may ask questions about us, if you have any.
All right. When can I start?

What are you doing here today?
I would like to fight my ticket.
Is the arresting officer in the courtroom today?
Yes, the officer is here today. What's your case?
I was pulled over for running a red light, but I never did.
Do you believe that the officer lied?
There was a camera on the signal. So, he was obviously lying.
Your license plate was caught on camera?
A picture of my license plate was never taken.
Since there is no picture of your license plate on record, I'm going to let you go.
Thank you. I'm glad that you believe me.

Hey Joe, what are you doing in this department store?
Hi, Rita, I'm just looking for a pair of shoes. I won't be here for long.
Why not? When I go shoe shopping, I have so many options for sneakers that I spend awhile looking at all of the choices.
That's my problem. I don't have a lot of options. What do you mean?
This is a big store, isn't it?
Yes, but I have unusually big feet. That wouldn't be too much of a problem except that they're also very wide, and only a few brands sell shoes that I can fit into.
So how do you usually go about buying shoes, then?
Well, first of all, I can only go to certain stores that can guarantee me a large selection.
Well, you're in the right store. If they don't have it, no one will.
After that I choose something from one of the few brands that I know will fit me. I prefer white, so I ask them to bring me a pair of white sneakers in my size. Since I’m usually only given one or two pairs of shoes that meet my qualifications, it makes it a very easy choice.

what shall we do after the volleyball match?
how about going to the Olympic souvenir store to have a look? I remember there is one in the gym.
that's a good idea. I was thinking of buying some gifts for my family. me, too.
What did you have in mind?
I haven't decided yet, but I think the Olympic Mascots are a must.
I agree. They're very lovely, especially " Huan Huan ".
is that the red one? That is my favorite, too. Do you know how much they are?
the five dolls are sold together as a set, and they're priced according to the size. The bigger they are the more expensive.
oh, I see. If I buy more than a set, can I get any discount?
I don't think so. All the souvenirs of the Olympic Games are very hot right now.
any other ideas?
there are lots of things, such as postcards, key chains, posters and various arts and crafts.
it all sounds great. We can go there after the match. I can't wait to see what they have.

Mom?! I hate eating vegetables?!
You don’t have to eat them. I don’t mind.
Thanks mom?! Can I have dessert now? I love chocolate cake?!
No dessert for you unless you eat all your vegetables.
But I don’t like them?! It’s not fair?!
You can have some fruit for dessert. If you eat an apple and a banana, I might let you have a small piece of chocolate cake.
Ok... actually, I don’t mind eating peas and carrots, buy I hate broccoli and cauliflower.
I’ll remember that for next time. You’ll get extra peas and carrots, buy no broccoli or cauliflower. OK?
Thanks mom?!

It was very kind of you to give me a tour of the place. It gave me a good idea of your product range.
It’s a pleasure to show our factory to our customers. What’s your general impression, may I ask?
Very impressive, indeed, especially the speed of your NW Model. That’s our latest development. A product with high performance.
We put it on the market just two months ago. The machine gives you an edge over your competitors, I guess.
Certainly. No one can match us as far as speed is concerned.
Could you give me some brochures for that machine? And the price if possible.
Right. Here is our sales catalog and literature.
Thank you. I think we may be able to work together in the future.

Is the factory fully-automated?
Not completely. Our production process is partially-automated. We use robots on the production line for routine assembly jobs but some of the work is still done manually.
What about supply of parts to the production line?
Well, the parts are automatically selected from the store room using a bar-code system. And there is an automatic feeder which takes them to the conveyor belt at the start of the production line.
What about the smaller components?
They're transported to the workstations on automated vehicles - robot trucks - which run on guide rails around the factory.

I'm glad you're on your ten-year reunion planning committee.
Yeah, you get the TV to yourself while I spend my nights surfing the Net for missing classmates. That's not why. This way I can see how you guys do this sort of thing.
I guess. Don't you have reunions in Taiwan?
Definitely. Every year. But just for our forty-person class. Ours are for everyone that graduated in the same year.

What does your job involve?
I'm the Project Manager so I have to make sure our projects run smoothly. I work with three Project Engineers. They take care of after-sales service and look after the maintenance side of the business.

How many languages can you speak?
Besides Chinese, I can speak English and French. You mean you can read and write both of them?
No, I can only carry on a simple conversation in French.
Can you read and write English well?
I can speak the language better than read and write.
Do you speak the language well enough to communicate with people of English-speaking countries?
I think so. I used to be an interpreter. Do you think your English is good enough to do desk work?
The amount of English I know enables me to do general desk work. I believe what I know is sufficient to work in an American firm.

What can I get for you? Here is the menu.
Let me have a look. Well, how many kinds of steaks do you have?
We have sirloin steaks, pepper steak, and filet steak.
Is there something go with the filet steak?
Yes, we have various sauces.
What about the gravy?

Are you ready to go shopping?
Just a minute. I need to make a list of thinks that we need.
Good idea. Have you written down potatoes, carrots, and onions?
I don’t have onions on my list. I’ll add them. We should get some tea. Is green tea ok or should we get the same tea that we usually get?
Let’s get both. We need some coffee too. Is that on your list?
Yes, it is. Here’s my list. Is there anything that I’Ve forgotten?
I think you’Ve got everything. I want to got some chocolate and some cheese.
What kind of cheese do you want.
I’m not sure. I’ll decide at the cheese counter, when I can see what they have.
Have we got enough money?
We don’t have enough cash, so I’ll take my credit card and we can pay with that.
Where are the car keys?
I’Ve got them there. Shall I drive?

Hello, can you tell me how to use the telephone?
If you want to order meals, call 8801.If you need other help, call 8803 and someone will be there.
Thank you so much. By the way, is there a mail service?
Yes, you can take your letters to the counter over there.

I am afraid that the fax machine in my room won’t be working till tomorrow. A technician has just come and checked it. He will bring me a new one tomorrow. It seems there is a big problem with mine and it will take some days for repairing. Can I use the one in your office?
Of course you can. I am sure this one works very well. I just sent dozens of pages. How many pages are you sending? Are you familiar with my fax machine?
Yes, I think you have the same model as I have.
Does your fax machine print out immediately a transmission protocol?
Yes, it will print immediately.

How many years have you done business with China?
Let me see, about five years, we established our business relationship with Hua Mei of China Import & Export Corporation in 2003.
Do you have any difficulties in doing business in China? You know the Chinese economic legislation is still incomplete?
I don't think I have any problem with our Chinese partners. They have always followed the contract strictly. We can do business directly with the corporation. As I mentioned before, the Chinese government is trying very hard to perfect its law. Its commercial legislation provides legal protection for foreign companies.
Well, it's known that the Sino-American relation is in a dilemma. Does it influence your business in China?
Actually not at present. But we are afraid it will. You know policies influence business to some extent.
I hope our government will not be influenced by some extremists. China is really a large market. We don't want to lose it.
Thank you.
You're welcome.

Give me a pack of first-class stamps, please.
Here you are. That will be five dollars. Anything else?
Yes. I want some post cards and some airmail stamps. I want to send some letters to South America.
Just a moment, I'll look up the rate for air-mail letters to South America.
Can you tell me how much it will cost to send a package to Colombia? Also, I what to know how long it will take.
Do you have the package with you? I would have to weigh it to see how much it would cost. Do you insure package?
Yes. All you have to do declare the value of the package and decide how much you want to insure it for.
Is there a way that I can be sure that the people in South america receive my package?
The post office rarely loses package. You can, however, request a rectum receipt.
One last question-what are your hours?
We open at eight-thirty in the morning and close at five-thirty in the afternoon.
Thank you, you helped me a lot.

Hello, thank you for taking the time to interview me.
Hi there, I’m Bill Gotcha, the owner of Gotcha Enterprises. Did you find your way here OK?
Your assistant gave wonderful directions.
Why are you switching jobs at this point in your career?
Our Company is moving overseas and I wish to stay in the United States.
What are you best at?
I am good at organizing systems that have been having problems.
What is your biggest challenge in terms of skills?
I don’t like to sit around and so like to always find things to do to keep myself busy.
That is good to hear?!

Good morning. SRC international. How may I help you?
Good morning. I'd like to speak to Peter. Chen Please.
Certainly. Who should I say is calling?
This is Tim. Hunter from Hunter industries.
And what is it regarding please?
We have an appointment for this afternoon. Mr. Chen will know why I'm calling.
Of course, Please hold the line Mr. Hunter.

Right, let me run through your options. You can go ahead and cash your undue Large-Amount Deposit Certificate if you really want to, but I'd recommend a Personal Durable Commodities Loan.
OK, what does that entail?
It's not too much trouble to do it this way and remember, your certificate is due in 2 months. If you can hold on to it, it'll be much better for your finances.
Yes, it does seem a little silly to cash it now. I'll probably need about 25,000 RIB. Will that be a problem?
Not at all, Mr Zu. As the certificate is due in 2 months, you can get the loan on mortgage of that certificate.
I'm glad you thought of this. I'd have just gone ahead and cashed it?! And I suppose I can use the money from the certificate to pay back this Personal Durable Commodities Loan and I won't lose any interest, right?
Exactly right. If you'd like to go ahead, I can process that for you now, Mr Zu.
Absolutely, Jenny. Thanks very much, I think you've saved me quite a lot of money today.

My aunt told me one of her secrets--cellophane tape. I just got it at the special health store. It's for my flabby arms.
Let me know how it works. I have to say, I have had enough of this roller coaster.
I know what you mean. I'm like a yo-yo. Last week I was down to 60 kilos. This week I had one donut more. Now I'm up to 62 kilos.

May I have a menu, please?
Of course. Could you tell me how this thing is cooked? Lobster?
It is steamed and served with our special sauce.
Is it good?
Sure. It is a most popular dish.
I think I will try some lobster, and give me some green salad together.

Can’t you come in and have tea now, Peter?
Not yet, I must water the garden first.
Do you have to water it now?
I’m afraid I must. Look at it?! It’s terribly dry.
What a nuisance?! Last summer it was very dry, too. Don’t you remember? I had to water it every day.
Well, I’ll have tea by myself.
That was quick?! Have you finished already? Yes, Look out of the window. It’s raining.
That means you needn’t water the garden.
That was a pleasant surprise. It means I can have tea, instead.

I'm broke, and I have to catch another bus.
Why don't you have any money for another bus?
I got hungry and bought some chips.
That was smart.
Anyway, do you have any change I can use for the bus?
I don't have any.
I don't know how I'm going to get home.
Get a transfer from the bus driver.
How much is a transfer?
It doesn't cost anything.
That's great?! Thanks for your help.
You know what? Don't mention it.

Hello, Anna. Come in and sit down.
Hello, doctor.
What's the matter? I've got a backache.
Do you often suffer from backache?
No, I don't. I've never had a bad one before. When did it start?
About four days ago.
Well, go home and rest in bed for two days, then you'll feel better. Can you give me some medicine? It's very painful.
Yes, I'll give you some pills. Take one a time and three times a day, and come back in three days. If you don't feel...

Welcome on board. May I see your boarding pass?
Here you are. Your seat is three, in the third row, near the window.
Thank you. Where can I put my suitcase?
Either in the overhead compartment or underneath the seat.
Everyone's attention, please. We are going to take off. Please fasten your belts.

Hello, madam. How do you like your staying here?
Quite good. Excuse me, are there any places of interest?
Yes, there are so many near our hoteI. Three blocks away from here, there is temple. It's famous for its building and paintings. lt' s worth visiting.
Thank you. I think today we will go there.

You're here to make a deposit, is that correct?
Right. I'd like to deposit 2,000 RIB into my Current Account.
No problem. Could I have the cash and your Bank Book, please?
Oh dear... there seems to be some problems here... What? What's wrong?
I'm sorry but 5 of these notes seem to be counterfeit. Look at this watermark, do you see it?
It does look a little strange, I didn't notice that before.

Hello, sir. Is there anything I can help you find?
Um... Uh... I'm just looking, thanks.
Need a gift for your girlfriend or wife...
No, no, no. I'm just browsing. Thanks anyway.
Well, if you need anything, just ask. Um... well, where's the men's shoe department?
It's on the third floor. Turn left when you get off the escalator.
Thanks.

An idea about killing time on a train?
I advise you to read Playboy.You can get a lot from it.
But there's quite a lot of rumors about it.
That's why it's interesting.

Have you brought the receipt with you?
No, I don't. I left it home.
Sorry, but we can't do anything without the receipt. Come back with it.
I didn't know. I'll go to get it. How late will you be open?
Till 5:30.

I haven't told you what happened yet, have I?
I haven't heard anything.
My boss offered me a promotion, and I took it.
Are you serious?
Yes, I am really excited.
That's great. Congratulations?!
Thank you.
Actually, I could not believe it at first. You know, there're so many outstanding people in our company. Many of them are qualified to fill that position.
Sure, but you really did great and outperformed the others. You deserved it?!
Thank you very much.

I like Chinese food.
I like Chinese food, too. I like dumplings best. At school, we sometimes have Chinese food for lunch.
That's good. We eat Chinese food only at the Chinese restaurant.
My mother can make some Chinese food.
Really? That's wonderful?!

OK. Come back into the classroom, class.
Does the class start again, Mam?
Yes, but to the heath, this break has last long enough.
Oh, breaktime flies. come on, baby. It’s time now.
Mam, another minute, could I?
Hurry up, little boy.

What's the actual flight time from here to San Francisco?
It's about twelve hours.
Can you tell me what time we're arriving?
Sure. Let me see... at 6:15 a. m. local time.
I see. And that'll be 10:15 p. m. Beijing time.

Excuse me, but I'm not feeling too well. I think I'm going to throw up.
There's an airsickness bag behind the seat that's in front of you.
I must've missed it. Is this your first time flying?
Yes. I'm going to San Francisco.
Oh, it's a beautiful city. I think you'll like it.
Hey, I'm feeling much better already.
Sometimes if you don't think about it, that sick feeling will go away on its own.
Thanks.
By the way, my name is Mary.
I'm Frank. Nice to meet you.

Welcome to Al's Bakery. What can I get you?
Hi?! Let me get a dozen croissants, four blueberry muffins and a loaf of sourdough bread.
Sure. Would you like to have the loaf sliced?
No, that's OK. Do you have any whole wheat bread?
We are out at the moment. May I suggest some rye bread?
Sure that sounds good. Do you have any cakes?
We have various birthday cakes and also ice cream cakes.
I'll just take a cheesecake.
Will that be all?
Yes.
Your total is forty three dollars and twenty cents.
You got it.

Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, we are happy you have all come out for our training workshop. Today we have a great line-up of speakers to talk to you. First on our program is a well-renown expert in the field of international economic development, Harvard's own Dr. James Smith. Dr. Smith has been involved in economic research for over twenty years, and has taught at Harvard since 1995. And now, without further adieu, we'd like to welcome Mr. James Smith.
Thank you, Mr. Jackson, ladies and gentlemen, colleagues, friends. The subject of my talk is international relations in a morgen world. I plan to say a few words about the current situation in the Middle East and how it affects world economy. I'd like to give you an overview of the way that the economies of seemingly unrelated countries are intertwined. I've divided my talk into three parts, first an overview of international relations, second a discussion of current political situations, and lastly trends for the future. My presentation will take about two hours, but there will be a twenty-minute break in the middle. We'll stop for lunch at 12.

You're looking rather pale, why?
I couldn't sleep well recently.
You'd get plenty of sleep for you work so hard.
I always drink too much wine in the evening.
You shan't drink more wine in the evening.
Yes, you are right.
And you'd take some exercise every day.
Many thanks for your advice.

Hello Mrs Parker, how have you been?
Hello Dr Peters. Just fine thank you. Ricky and I are here for his vaccines.
Very well. Let's see, according to his vaccination record, Ricky has received his Polio, Tetanus and Hepatitis B shots. He is 14 months old, so he is due for Hepatitis A, Chickenpox and Measles shots.
What about Rubella and Mumps?
Well, I can only give him these for now, and after a couple of weeks I can administer the rest.
OK, great. Doctor, I think I also may need a Tetanus booster. Last time I got it was maybe fifteen years ago?!
We will check our records and I'll have the nurse administer and the booster as well. Now, please hold Ricky's arm tight, this may sting a little.

I’m interested in teaching at your school.
Great. Are you a qualified teacher?
Yes.
What kind of teaching certificate do you have?
I have a TEFL certificate.
How many years of experience do you have?
I have three years of teaching ESL and four years of teaching per-school children.
When did you get your TEFL certificate?
I got my TEFL certificate three years ago.
Why do you want to teach at our school?
Well, I’Ve heard many good things about it. I also like teaching young children.
That’s great. Can you speak Chinese?
Yes, just a little.
Can you come in for an interview tomorrow at 10:00?
I sure can.
Great. See you then.

Why is the car before us stopping?
What's going on? Look. Two cars are standing right in the middle of the road and the drivers are shouting rude words to each other.
That's why that car stops.
More and more people easily get irritated while driving.
Yes. This is what is called road rage.

This is today’s schedule. At 8 thirty AM, conference with the department managers. At 9 o’clock, live for the workshop where you’ll award prizes to the staff for preventatives.
That’s great. What are the prizes?
3000 RIB as bonus for each person. To encourage the staff increases.
Ok. Next thing is laying the corner-stone for the new plant at 10 AM. At 12 AM, back here for lunch. What about the afternoon? At 2 PM, give a presentation here with the press. At four o’clock sharp, have dinner with Mr. Smith, manager of NCC.

This is Lincoln Bank, Consumer Credit Department. How can I help you?
Ah, hello. I'm calling to find out how I apply for a car loan.
We offer a Personal Automobile Consumer Loan. The application process is pretty straight forward. I trust you have enough funds to cover the 20 % down payment?
Yes, I do. It's ready and waiting in my account.
The next step is for us to recommend a dealer to you, who are already contracted to us, so...
Could I just stop you there? Sorry to interrupt, but I have already been to your appointed dealer and selected the car I want.
That will certainly cut down the processing time. We can move on to the next step. Do you have the purchase price?
Yes, it's 110,000 RIB. So, with the down payment done, I will need to borrow 70,000 RIB.
What we need you to do next is to come into the branch with a correctly filled in application form, ID card, proof of residency, proof of income, the agreement from the agent and of course the 20 % down payment.
Yes, I have everything here.
OK, I'll come in and see you later today. Maybe I could have my new car as early as next week?! How exciting?!

Hi, my name is Tom.
Tom, the new sales representative? Nice to meet you?! I'm Melinda.
Nice to meet you too.Melinda. Now let me show you around. This is our reception area, and our conference room is right over there. Over here is the sales department.
Really? This is a nice office, but it's quite small.
Yeah... You can make photocopies and send faxes over there.
It looks like you guys work hard.
I tell you what just between you and me, we just mess things up so that it looks like we work hard.Just kidding.
Oh, your cubicle is over the. And this way. Those are all private offices the managers offices.
Hmm... Tell me more details about our jobs.
Sure thing.

What do you think of our price? Your price has gone up sharply, hasn't it?
Yes. We regret we cannot maintain our original price. Since the prices of the raw materials have been raised, we have to adjust the price of our products accordingly.
I agree with you there, but your price is unreasonable.
I don't think so. You must compare our price with that of other export houses. I'm sure our offer is in line with the prevailing market price level.
I don't think we'll be able to pay the price.
To have this business concluded, you need to lower your price at least by 3 %.
I’m afraid that there is no room for any reduction in price.
Don't you agree with me that in the long run, moderate prices will bring about large sales and more profit?
We've already cut down our price to cost level.
Is that all?
Yes, this is the best we can do.
I'm sorry we can't handle the price you offered.

So, Jimmy, how does it feel to have your own money?
It’s great, dad. I don’t mind delivering papers, but the real fun is collecting the money.
Even though you are only twelve, it’s not too early to start saving a little money.
I’Ve never had a bank account before. Why don’t I just keep my money under the matters like grandpa does?
You know you would spend it. And also, money in the bank earns interest.
But what if I need my money suddenly?
The bank will give you a PIN, and you can withdraw money from any ATM.
Great?! So it’s almost the same as keeping it under the matters?!
Not quite. You have to maintain a minimum balance of twenty dollars. And sometimes the bank has service charges. But you don’t have to worry about that yet. Let’s go make your first depot OK.
Guess I have to do that before. I can make money my first withdrawal.

Is this where I can catch a bus to the theater?
Yes, but you can't get there with out a change.
Which bus do I have to change?
You have to get off at the hospital and change for bus 15.
I see. Thank you.

Here we are, Joan. This is the Palace museum, also known as the Forbidden city.
Oh, how splendid?! Can you take a picture of me here?
Sure.

Excuse me. I'm afraid I got lost. Where am I on this map?
We are here, bus station, we are in the heart of the city.
Oh?! Can I go from here to the Zhongshan Park?
Head straight up the street about two blocks then turn right.

Tony, could you tell me if there are any special rules about the job?
Working hours are from 8: 30 a. m. to 5:00 p. m. Be sure not to be late or absent. Report to the manager by filling in the' Monthly Report' every month.
Is there anything else? How about my salary?
Our company has a strict and reasonable salary standard. On the 20th day of every month, you can get your salary on time. Benefits depend upon the length of service and the employee's past attendance record.
Wow, thank you for telling me these. Do you mind telling me something else, like attendance record, holiday, and how to ask for leave?
All new members are likely to ask the same questions. Haha.
I can understand that. Every month you have three days off, besides the weekends and some important holidays. After you've been here for a year, you qualify for a one-week vacation. The leave less than a half-day should predict for an hour, and more than a half-day should predict three days.
Okay, that's good. I get it.

Kate, you never believe what's happened.
What do you mean?
Masha and Hero are getting divorced.
You are kidding. What happened?
Well, I don't really know, but I heard that they are having a separation for 2 months, and filed for divorce.
That's really surprising. I always thought they are well matched.
What about the kids? Who get custody?
Masha, it seems quiet and makable, no quarrelling about who get the house and stock and then contesting the divorce with other details worked out.
That's the change from all the back stepping we usually hear about.
Well, I still can't believe it, Masha and Hero, the perfect couple.
When would they divorce be final?
Early in the New Year I guess.

Overseas operator. I would like to make a collect call to Taipei, Taiwan, please.
Your name, please.
Tim Chen.
What's the number, please.
The area code is 2, and the number is 2367-9960.
The line is connected. Please go ahead.

Hello. Excuse me.
Yes. Can I help you? Do you remember me? I just had lunch here a half hour ago.
Of course I remember you.
I think I lost my wallet here.
Oh, no. Really? I didn't see anything.
Really? You didn't find a wallet?
No, I didn't.
Would you like to go look by the table with me?
Yes, I would.
It's not here. And it's not on the floor.Has anyone sat at this table since we left?
No. It's been empty the whole time.
Hmm. I don't know how it could have happened.
I remember, sir, that your friend took the bill.You didn't pay for the lunch yourself, did you?
No. My friend did.
Then are you sure you took your wallet out of your pocket while you were here?
No, I'm not sure. But I usually take out my wallet when I sit down.It' s uncomfortable to sit on it. So I usually put it next to me on the table.
Maybe you lost it before you came here. Or maybe you left it at home.
I don't think it's at home. I think I had it when I left the house.But what should I do?
Well, the first thing you should do is make sure it's not at home.Then, if it isn't, you need to call your credit card companies and cancel your cards. Next, you need to replace whatever you lost, your driver's license, things like that.
Should I call the police?
You can if you want. But the police usually don't do anything about lost wallets.
Hmm. I'll go home and check. Maybe you're right. Maybe it's at home.
I'm sorry we couldn't find it, sir.
Thanks for your help.

Good morning, young lady. You can call me Ma. Do you see anything you like?
Yes. Many things?! I especially love this beautiful quilt.
That quilt was passed down to me from my ma in Holland.
It sounds like a special quilt. Why do you want to sell it?
Well, this home is too big for me now, so I'm moving to an apartment that is much smaller. Therefore, I need to part with a few things.
Oh, I see. Umm, how much do you want for the quilt?
Is fifteen dollars OK?

Have you got change for a thousand?
Let me see.

May I come in, Mr Sun?
I’d rather you didn’t, Miss Yang. I’m very busy now.
Can I try later then?
Yes, of course.
Is it all right for me to come in now, Mr Sun?
Well, uh... I’m still pretty busy, but... all right. Come in.
What can I do for you?
Do you mind if I sit down?
Not at all. Take a seat. Now what can I do for you?
I want to leave the department. Do you think I could put info a transfer?
Yes.
But why should you want to do that?
Do you mind if I speak frankly?
Not at all. Go ahead.
Well. You see, I don’t like the office. I don’t like the staff. And I’m afraid of you. And I don’t want to go one. So may I put info a transfer?
Yes. I’d be delighted if you did.

Where is that? Take me to the airport, please.
Are you in a hurry?
I have to be there before 17 o'clock.
We'll make it except a jam. You know it's rush hour.
There's an extra ten in it for you if you can get me there on time.
I'll do my best.
Here's twenty dollars. Do you have small bills?
No. If you can't break it, keep the change. But can you give me a receipt?
Here is your receipt.
Thank you.

Recently I have been getting headache and my eyes don't seems to see focus properly.
When did you last time have your eyes checked?
Two years ago. At that time I had no problems.Now I can’t even make out something ten meters away.
Come over here. I will test your eyes. First cover your left eye like this, and when I point, please read the chart from the top, and go as far as you can, telling me which way the “ E ” points.
All right. Good.Now the other eye. Well, this one is worse.
Never mind, just read as far as you can.
I can only read the first three lines.

Is there a car park near the supermarket?
Yes, there is an underground car park near the supermarket.
I see. Thanks.

Oh, come on, Ultraman?! What's up, Bro? What's in the bulletin?
It says that there will be a blackout from 5 p. m. to 7 p. m. in our neighborhood today.
Blackout? Even the TV has the limit. Don't you know you will look like a monster in the blackout?
Oops, no, Daddy can't watch American Idol, either?! That's not the point.
Come on, can you imagine that there will be no electricity on such a hot day? Oh, my god?! No air-conditioner?!
OK, since you are the smart one, can you come up with a better plan? So that we won't be baked like cookies here.
How about playing Barbie out there in the neighborhood?
Barbie? You know, I might be seven, but I'm not a girl.
Do you have a better plan?
All right, all right.

Yes, ma'am, how could I help you?
I am wondering if you do facial care?
Yes, we do.
How much would it be?
From 200 to 800.
I'm afraid 800 is too expensive for me. Could you recommend something around 300?
No problem.

Can I help you, Miss?
I would like to order 2 office-style cabinets and desk calendars. We want office-style cabinets in white. The catalogue number is 90-f-2356.
How soon do you want it?
Could you deliver it tomorrow?
No problem. Please handle the items carefully.
Certainly.
We will pay by collect on delivery.

I hate to do this to you, Alice, but I’m going to have to ask you to put in some more overtime.
Does it have to be this afternoon, Mr. Fairbanks? I’Ve already made plans.
Well, I would have preferred to do it today, but if you’Ve already made plans, we can do it tomorrow.
I’d appreciate that, sir. How long do you think you’ll need me to stay?

What’s your attitude when do wrong things at work?
The buck stops here.

Hello?! Is your company advertising for administrative assistant on the newspapers?
Well, Administrative assistant with shorthand and typing skills are badly needed here.
First I want to check about the availability and see if you could give me more information.
The position calls for a person with some working experience. We must be able to benefit from your analytical and interpersonal skills. Can you deliver your resume to us first?
Of course. I will deliver my resume to you in minutes' time. I hope you will consider my application and I shall appreciate a reply at your earliest convenience.
OK. I will call you soon. Bye now.
Bye.

Just as the saying goes, every potter praises his own pot. You should pay special attention to selling yourself properly in the interview. It is especially important for the graduates who step into the job market for the first time. You'd better prepare what you are going to say in advance, in order to have a good performance in the interview. The contents should be mainly descriptions of your background. And the length depends on the particular situation. Only when you are aware of what the interviewer will be interested in, can you make a targeted preparation. To sell yourself successfully, you should leave the interviewer a deep impression. Selling yourself should go straight to the point, and the statement should be clear and brief. It should also be truthful and realistic. Do not blindly blow your own horn. You should particularly state your strong points which are closely related to the position you are applying for. While you should not omit your weak points, they need to be described appropriately Time permitted, you could add certain examples to your description. Besides, in the interview, it is best that you make corresponding adjustments to apply your prepared contents flexibly.

Hello?
Hi, Deborah?! This is John. I'm calling from Australia.
What are you doing in Australia?
I'm attending a conference in Sydney this week. Remember?
Oh, right. What time is it there?
It's 10:00 P. M. And it's four o'clock in Los Angeles, right?
Yes - four o'clock in the morning.
4:00 A. M.? I'm really sorry.
That's OK. I'm awake now.

John hasn't turned up and Stefan is ill. Do we have anyone on stand-by?
I'm afraid not, we're very short-staffed at the moment.
Can you ask the shift supervisor to ask one of his team to do some overtime?
Perhaps Tommy can stand in for an hour or two until we find a replacement.

Jack, let’s go?! Oh, you are out of breath?! What happened?
Some people are wildly shooting on the next street. We must leave here as soon as possible?!
Take it easy. They will get caught.

Hello. May I speak to Jerry, please?
Sorry, but he is out for lunch right now.
I see. Can you give me some idea how long he'll be back?
I think he will be back around 2:00. If you like, please leave your name and phone number, I'll have him call you as soon as he comes back.
That's nice. My name is Steven, my phone number is 6789777.
Okay, I'll be waiting for his call. Thank you and bye?!
My pleasure, bye?!

Excuse me, Miss. What can I do for you?
I've just heard an announcement that my flight has been delayed.
What's your flight number?
Flight CA216 to Chengdu.
Yes, it's true. It has been delayed.
Could you please tell me why?
Yes, of course. The delay is due to heavy rain.
How long will the delay be? Do you have any further information about it?
I am sorry, we don't know the extent of the delay at present. But according to the latest weather forecast, there will be a change in weather soon. We have to wait.
Well, is it possible for the rain to stop before noon?
It's hard to say. Weather is so changeable in the summer. Please listen to the latest announcement about your flight.
Yes, I will. Thanks a lot. Bye?!
Bye

What are we going to do? I can't get the car out of this ditch. I'm stuck?!
I'm worried, Tom. I haven't seen any other cars for almost an hour.
I know. This is terrible. What can we do? This snow doesn't stop falling?!
I told you we should have stayed in town today.The weather report said 100 percent chance of snow.Why did you want to come up here?
I wanted to show you the cabin. We only had another half-hour to go.
Well, now we're stuck. What can we do?
I don't know. I've heard that when this happens, it's important to save energy.
What do you mean? We're stranded here, Tom. We may be here a long time.We need to conserve the gas in the car. The car's energy is what will keep us warm.
I have plenty of gas.
Yes, but the gas and the battery both have to stay working.We can't just let the car run and run.If we do, it will die soon. Then we'll freeze.
So what can we do?
Turn the lights off.Then, run the car and the heater only about fifteen minutes every hour.That will conserve the heat as long as possible.
Alright. That's a good idea. I wish we hadn't come up here. Now we'll probably be here for days.
Days?
Yes, it happens.That is what happens in big snowstorms. People get stranded for days.
Oh, my God?! It's good we have food. Probably we'll survive.But turn the car off for about forty-five minutes. Then we'll turn it on again.

Hey, buddy, can’t you see there’s a line?
Oh, sorry. I didn’t know.
What? You haven’t taken the bus before?
No, I’m afraid not.
Well, you have to wait in line like everyone else. Besides, you should let old people on first.
Sorry.
It’s all right. Where are you going?
I wanted to see the White House.
Oh, well you don’t want this bus, anyway. It goes to Georgetown.
Oh, no. It’s all right, though. Just get off at the next stop and catch the 79A.
Oh, well thank you very much.
You’re welcome.

Can I help you?
I'd like the double cheese burger meal, please.
What kind of drink would you like with that?
Just coke will be fine.
Would you like a super size meal? Only 2 RIB more, you'll get large coke and fries instead of medium. And today we are offering free toys all the meal boxes.
That sounds good, thanks, I'd like that. Actually I'd like sprite instead of coke, thanks.
That's not a problem, Miss. Will that be it?
Yes, that's all. That will be 25RMB, please
You got it.

Do you have any night tours?
Yes, we will depart in 10 minutes.
Is that a guided tour?
Yes, it is.
That's fine. Let's get on the bus.

I am sure we will make it up as soon as possible.
That's nice. We hope this matter will not affect our good relations in our future dealings.
Of course not. We have cooperated for a long time.

I would like to purchase some meat.
What kind of meat would you like to get today?
First off, I'm going to need a pound of ground beef.
A pound of ground beef is $ 2.48.
That's perfect. What else will you be needing?
I'm also going to need three pounds of chicken breasts.
The chicken breasts cost $ 4.05 per pound. What's the total price for the chicken?
It's going to be $ 12.15.
Okay, I think that will be all for me today.

I think you know already that I want to discuss the represent - ton for your alarm clocks.
Yes, Mr. Bergeron. You mentioned that in your letter.
To tell you the truth, your proposal surprised us.
Is that so?
Anyhow I want to go over the details with you in person, so you can give my suggestion thorough consideration.
Our firm specializes in this line of business. We have six sales representatives, who are on the road all the time, covering the whole of the European market.
Do you sell direct to shops?
Yes, we specialize in handling clocks and watches of all sorts. We have well established channels of distribution and we canvass the retailers direct, without any middlemen.
Do you keep a stock of these things?
In some cases, such as the wristwatches, which always have a steady market, we keep a stock in London and act as distributors as well as agents. Generally, however, we pass on the orders of our clients to the manufacturers for supply. We are paid for our service, of course.
That is, your commission.
Yes, our commission is very reasonable. We usually get a 10 % commission of the amount on every deal. Our agents in other areas usually get a 3-5 % commission. The European market is not familiar with your products. You have competitors from Japan and other continental countries. At the beginning of our campaign, there is sales resistance to overcome, we must send out salesmen to do a lot of traveling and spend a considerable amount of money on advertising in news - papers and TV programs. A 10 % commission will not leave us much.
According to your estimate, what is the maximum annual turn - over you can fulfill, in round figures, of course?
We will always do our utmost to enlarge the business, as our remuneration increases with the turnover, but we will not guar - ante anything, at least not to begin with.
We appreciate very much your intention to push the sale of our products. But our suggestion to you, Mr. Bergeron, as a preliminary step, is to do a little research into the market...
Do you mean to say you refuse us the agency?
Mr. Bergeron, you leave us no alternative. We can not give you an exclusive agency of the whole European market without having the slightest idea of your possible annual marketing turnover. Besides our price is worked out according to the costing. A 10 % commission means an increase in our price. We must have the reaction of the buyers in this respect.
Oh, that's just too bad. I intended to make great efforts in selling your products.
Well, we can still carry on our business relationship without the agreement. To start the ball rolling, we will provide you with price lists, catalogues and some samples. Only when you have a thorough knowledge of the marketing possibilities of our products, can we then discuss further details.
Ah, Mrs. Miller, but in this case am I covered?
Oh, yes. We will give you a 5 % commission on every transaction.
All right, but I'll be back again for the Autumn Fair. And then I hope we can see eye to eye about our commission and the terms of the agency.
Very good. We will discuss the matter again at the next Fair.

Excuse me, I’m sorry to trouble you. My name is Susan Ransom, and I have placed several orders with you company.
Yes, Mr. Ransom? This is Karl Miller. How may I help you?
Well, I wonder if you could track an order I placed with you last month. It hasn’t arrived yet.
Certainly, Ms. Ransom. Do you have an order number?

Have you worked out the offers. Mr. Thou?
Yes, we have. Here's our CIF quotation sheet. Please have a careful look.
Are the prices on the list firm offers?
Yes. All the quotations on the list are subject to our final confirmation.
I wonder whether there are any changes in your prices.
All these products are our best-selling lines. The prices of our products will change according to that of the international market demand. And we are always open to negotiate, especially on larger orders.
What do you have in mind?
How long does your offer remain valid?
I need some time to get my supervisors on board with this plan.
I understand. Our offer remains open for 4 days.

Hello sir, may I help you?
Yeah, I accidentally dropped my phone in the toilet.
I see. Well, you have come to the right place. We have over one hundred models of more than twenty leading mobile phone manufacturers.
Sounds good. I don’t want it to be too expensive, maybe something mid-range.
We have this new ETC smart phone.It comes with the Android OS so you can download applications. It also has a built-in camera, mp3 player and touch screen. It works on the 3G network so you have fast access to the internet wherever you are.
What about Wi-fi?
Of course?! You can access the internet from any hotspot as well as from home.
One last thing. Is it waterproof?

We have been over this a hundred times?! We are not getting a pet?!
Why not? Come on?! Just a cute little puppy or a kitty?!
Who is going to look after a dog or a cat?
I will?! I’ll feed it, bathe it and walk it every day?! We can get a Labrador or a German Shepard?!
What if we want to take a vacation? Who will we leave it with? Plus, our apartment is too small for that breed of dog.
Ok. How about we get a cat or a ferret?
We’re planning on having children soon, I don’t think those animals are a good idea with a baby in the house.
Fine?! Let’s get a bird then?! We can keep it in its cage and teach it to talk?! A parrot would be awesome?!
I’ll tell you what, I can get you some hamsters and we’ll take it from there.
Yay?!

Good evening, Mr. Lee and thank you for choosing our airline. We have just discovered that this flight is overbooked. Would you like to volunteer to give up your seat?
Overbooked? Give up my seat? I don’t understand.
From time to time we have a situation in which there are more passengers than there are seats on the aircraft. That’s overbooked.
I know what overbooked is, I just don’t understand how that could happen?
Actually it’s a common practice to overbook, as passengers often don’t take their flight as scheduled. Most of the time there is no problem but today, more passengers arrived than we have seats,
So who has to stay behind?
Well, first we ask for volunteers. If someone like yourself volunteers, they receive a free round trip ticket to be used within one year. If no one volunteers we just have to select someone.
Ok. I’ll volunteer. I could use a free ticket?!

I want to rent this apartment.
I’m glad to hear that. How much are you asking?
You will have to pay $ 1050 every month.
I can’t afford that. What can you afford?
I was thinking $ 800 a month.
I’ll need you to pay more than that. How much more?
How does $ 900 every month sound to you?
I can live with that. We have a deal then.

Good morning, Miss Monica. Nice to meet you again?!
Good morning, Mr. Thomas, it is nice to see you too. After the internal discussion, we have all agreed that you are the most suitable person for this position among all the candidates. So, today let’s talk about your expected salary and social benefits. What is your expected salary?
I’Ve worked in the field for more than 4 years. Depend on my work qualifications and experience, I would like to have 5000 Yuan to start.
The basic salary for your position in our company would be 4800 Yuan to start with increases giving according to your performance.
It is a bit lower than I expected. But I can accept that.
What are the working hours?
40 hours a week, Monday to Friday, 9 AM to 5 PM with one hour lunch break every day..
Do I have to work on weekend? If so, how do you pay for the overtime?
We do expect overtime work when it is necessary, but we pay twice of the work hour for working on weekends and three times for working on national holidays like Spring Festival and the Mid-Autumn Day.
Is there probation?
No probation is involved. If you feel good, you can start next week.

Welcome to the McDonald's. What will it be for you, madam?
One Big Mac and French Fries.
Is there anything else?
Give me one coke, please.
Is this to go or to eat here?
To go, please.
That comes to four dollars and ten cents.
And can I have some ketchup, please?
It's on the service counter over there. Please go to help yourself.

What's the name of this street?
University Street.
Do you know of any banks near here?
You'll see one at the corner on your right.

Hey there, you look a little lost. Are you new here?
Yeah how’d you know?
You can always spot the newbies. I can give you a few pointers if you want. Were you trying to use this machine here?
Yeah?! I just started my training today and I’m not really sure where to begin.
It’s ok, I know how it is. This machine here will work out your upper body, mainly your triceps and biceps. Are you looking to develop strength or muscle tone and definition?
Well, I don’t want to be ripped like you?! I just want a good physique with weights and Carpio.
In that case you want to work with less weight. You can start off by working ten to fifteen reps in four sets. Five kilo weights should be enough. Now it’s very important that you stretch before pumping iron or you might pull a muscle.
Got it?!
Wow is that the weight you are lifting? My goodness that’s a lot of weight?!
It’s not that much. Just watch... I’m ok...

Excuse me.Could you tell me how to return to the Hilton Hotel? I am afraid I lost my way.
Do you have a hotel card or something? Let's see.Yes, I have the address and telephone number here.
Oh, you're staying at the downtown Hilton.Then, you go down two blocks this way and turn left.You' ll find it on the right.
Well, I don't understand it very well.Will you draw me a map?

Excuse me, but could you tell me the way to the railway station?
The railway station? Just go down this street and turn left at the second corner. The station is at the end of that street.
How long will it take me to get there?
It's about a ten-minute walk.
That's very clear. I think I can find my way now. Thank you.
Not at all.

How does the political system work in your country?
We have hundreds of constituencies and the voters in each one elect a member of parliament. Most people call them mp’s.
Each mp belongs to a political party, right?
Almost all of them do. A few are independent. That means that they do not belong to a party.
If one party more than half of the mp’s. they form a government. That means that they choose a prime Finist
What’s a cabinet?
This is a small group of people-perhaps 25 mp’s who are usually ministers. They make all the big decision and discuss laws and policy.
Can any mp make a law?
Any mp can present a law to parliament. The proposed law is debated and voted on. If it is accepted, it becomes law.
I suppose a proposed a law needs the support of the big political parties.
Yes, it does, because they have most of the mp’s. most mp’s vote the way their party wants them to.
How do people choose which party or candidate to vote for?
They produce manifesto. These documents which states their policies. Some people just vote for the same party every time there is an election. Voters who often change the party they vote for are Calle

How was your interview?
Pretty good. The HR manager asked me the usual questions. Then he wondered why I had decided to leave my previous job.
What did you say?
I told him that I hadn’t got a raise for three years. I also told him that one of my best co-workers quitted her job because she had not been promoted for eight years.
Did he want to know the reasons?
Yes. I told him that my boss made some excuses of the recession. But I thought he had a pattern and a record of promoting men only. That’s sex discrimination.
When will you get the reply?
In a couple of days, I was told.
Wish you good luck?!
Thank you.

What qualities do you think a senior executive should possess?
Generally speaking, he needs creativity, the ability to communicate, sense of personal responsibilities, the ability to solve problems and so on.
Do you have all these qualities?
Yes, I have all of them. I am totally competent to be a senior executive.

Hi. I need more amenities, please.
Could you be a little more specific, sir?
Well, to be more specific, the free stuff, like soap, lotion, and shampoo.
I understand. Now, you're saying that you've already used up all your amenities?
Oh, no?! I've got all I need for my stay here.
So, what's the problem?
I need souvenirs?!
You want some souvenirs?!
Yes, yes. Souvenirs.
But, sir, our souvenir shop carries all those items.
That's not the same thing. If you buy hotel souvenirs, they have no sentimental value.
I understand, sir. I'll call housekeeping. You'll have your souvenirs shortly.

Hello, may I help you?
Yes.We' re interested in seeing the rooms for rent.
Oh, how nice.They' re bright rooms and the house is very quiet.
A nice quiet house is exactly what we're looking for.
Well, gentleman.Each room is $ 40 a week if you think that's OK.
That sounds just wonderful to us. When do you want to move in?
How about this afternoon?
Fine. I'll be expecting you around two.

Are you ready to order? May I suggest a veal?
No, I'll have the fish please.
The chicken is also nice.
No, I want the fish.
Our special tonight is lobster.
Thank you, but I prefer the fish.
Perhaps you'd enjoy the lamb.
No, I like the fish.
What ever you say?

Am I ever hungry? When will supper be ready?
It's almost ready. Can you set the table?
All right. Want to taste this dish?
Yeah. Oh, it's delicious?! Really?
Definitely. It's a wonderful meal.
Thank you, Honey. If you like to help me do the dishes, I'll be more dreadful.
I wish I could, but I won't.

Good morning, Kate. Long time no see.
Good morning, Vera, Nice to meet you.
Kate, I know you’Ve been a stewardess for more than one year. And I’ll have an interview on stewardess tomorrow. Can you tell me some etiquette about the interview?
Of course. First you should do up your long hair and do make up but not too thick.
Is there anything else I should pay attention to?
Yes, when you attend the interview, you should pay attention to your manner, style of conversation and expression. You should keep smiling always, being polite when you talk with the interviewer. Don't move from time to time when you sit there. And you also should know how to use eye contact.
Thank you, I've learned so much from you.
That’s all right. Hope you can do better tomorrow.

Can you fix me a cup of tea, Johnny?
Well... uh... how about a glass of juice instead?
No. I'd like tea. Can you put it in my favorite cup? You probably washed it...
Oh, yeah. Well, uh, about your mug... I'll find it...
Where are all the floral pattern plates? And dad's Yankee's mug?

Good morning, sir. May I help you?
Yes, I'd like to settle my bill.
Certainly sir. May I have your room key, please?
Sure. Here you are.
Just a moment, please. I'll draw up your bill for you... Thank you for waiting, sir. Your bill totals two thousand six hundred and fifty-eight yuan, including the phone and laundry.
That much?! Would you mind letting me have a look at it?
Not at all, sir. Here you are.
Thanks. Well, It seems to be right. How much is that in dollars, please?
Just a moment, sir. I'll calculate that for you. It comes to 305 dollars and 52 cents at today's exchange rate.
I see. OK. How would you like to make the payment?
In cash, please.
Here you are.
Thank you, sir... Here is your change. Could you check it, please? Thank you for choosing our hotel. I hope you enjoyed your stay.
By the way, please forward my mail to this address.
Certainly, sir. We hope you have a good trip.

Hi, Sam. I want to buy a pet. Do you have any ideas?
You really should go to Rachel's pet store.
why? anything special there?
it's more than special. You can find as many kinds of animals as you can put a name to and more.
Oh, really? are there any snakes?
snakes? there are even rodents and monkeys?! it's a world of exotic pets.
that's terrific. I can't wait to check it out.
Hang on. are you sure you want to keep a non-traditional pet?
why not? it's so cool.
but it will pose a risk to your health.
pardon?
i mean, most reptiles carry some harmful bacteria. they are likely to cause immune system problems.
well, I didn't realize that. I don't believe it's a good choice to keep those pets, especially for families with young children.
oh, I should have thought of my brother's baby girl. Maybe I'll just have a dog instead of an exotic pet.
yes, good luck, Maria.

I’m a new student. My name’s Robert. Nice to meet you.
My name’s Sophie. Are you French?
Yes, I’m. Are you French, too?
No, I’m not. What nationality are you?
I’m Italian. Are you a teacher?
No, I’m not. What’s your job?
I’m a keyboard operator. What’s your job?
I’m an engineer.

I can’t believe Obama is our President.
I am proud to know that he is our President.
You voted for him, right?
Did you vote for him, because I know that I did.
I did, too. I have nothing but faith in Obama.
Really? I’m sure he will help better America.
We do need some change in this country.
Our country is already changing as it is.
You’re absolutely right. I trust that he will take good care of our country.

Do you have a reservation, sir?
No, I’m afraid we don’t.
I’m sorry the restaurant is full now. You have to wait for about half an hour. Would you like to have a drink at the lounge until there’s a table available.
No, thanks, I’ll come back later. May I reserve a table for two?
Yes, of course. May I have your name, sir?
Bruce
By the way, can we have a table by the window?
we’ll try to arrange it, but I can’t guarantee sir.
That’s fine.
your table's ready, sir? Please step this way.

Do you have coffee shops in China, too?
Yes, of course. There are many tea houses and bars in China, too. People can drink, eat and relax at these places.
You like to go to these places, don’t you?
Yes, sometimes the music there is so beautiful. It is very romantic. I can stay there for hours.
Do you often go there alone?
No, I often go there with my friends.

Hi there?! I am looking for a new car. I have this old Ford Pinto that I would like to trade in.
I see. You are in luck this month because all of our models are on sale?! it is a perfect time to buy a new car since it’s the end of the year.
Perfect?!
I like this one.
That is the Ford Focus. A very light but powerful vehicle. It comes with dual side airbags, power steering and power windows, tinted windows and your choice of either automatic or manual transmission.
Sounds like a good car?! How many miles to the gallon?
It is a very fuel efficient vehicle giving you about 34 miles in the city and 40 on the highway.
That is really convenient. Especially now that fuel prices are so high?!
What’s under the hood?
A very powerful 2.5- liter turbocharged engine, Trust me, this car is fast?!
Now for the most difficult question. What is the price tag for this lovely vehicle?
Very affordable mam. You can take it out of this lot today with 0 % down payment and no interest for the first year?! You can test drive it now and we can sign the papers when we get back.
Great?! Let’s do it?!

I wonder if you could help me, I'm looking for a room.
Well, I have got a vacancy.
What sort of price are you asking?
Eight dolls fifty a week excluding laundry.
Would it be convenient to see the room?
Can you call back later? We're right in the middle of lunch.

Could you give me an expense report? I would like to attach the invoices for my phone bill this season.
Here you are. Do you need glue?
That is very kind of you. I’m just running out of glue.
You’re welcome.

IBA, Jane speaking. How can I help you?
Hello. I'd like to speak to someone regarding my card.
Sorry, I'm not quite sure if I understand. In what way, Sir? Has your card been stolen?
No, no. Nothing at all like that. It's just that I applied for a credit card with you a while ago, my application was accepted, but I'm still waiting for my card.
Oh, I see, Sir. Well, it does take 5 working days to issue and post the card.
Yes, my application was accepted last Friday. Now it's Wednesday, that's more than 5 days.
Sorry, Sir, but it's 5 working days. This does not include weekends, so your card should be with you later this week.
Of course?! How silly of me?! Yes, 5 working days would mean this Friday, at the earliest.
I see. I'm sorry to trouble you.
It's no trouble at all, Sir. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nothing, thanks. I again apologise for the misunderstanding, bye for now.

What can I do for you, sir?
We'd like to order breakfast for tomorrow morning.
Yes, sir. What would you like?
Orange juice, scrambled eggs, bacon, toast and coffee.
OK, and when shall I bring it here?
About seven thirty.By the way, could you also bring me tomorrow's papers?
Of course, sir.

What shall we do when we find a shortage in the shipment?
You should do one of the two things - either to lodge a claim with the shipowner or with the insurance company.
Shall we leave it to the brokers?
Yes. They usually do it. Do they charge for that?
Of course. In Europe, they charge a commission of 1 % of the amount of the claim for their service.
Is it the same in America?
They do the work without charge to the importer. It's part of their service, isn't it?
Exactly. Is it enough to claim with an on board bill of lading?
No, you must also obtain a statement from the shipping agent certifying that the goods were actually loaded on their vessel for shipment.
I see. By the way, how do we prove the ownership of our goods?
You must provide full original set of ocean bills of lading original insurance policy or certificate and the original commercia invoice.
I see. Thank you.
You are welcome.

I'll be on business for a couple of days, could you take care of your sister?
OK, Mum, when will you be back?
I'll be back in ten days.

Passport, please, madam.
Just a minute, please. It's in my bag. Here it is.
Thank you. Please fill out the Baggage Declaration Form.
All right. Shall I enter all my belongings?
No, only the articles listed on the Declaration.

I’m hungry, let’s go grab a bite to eat.
Yeah me too.
Oh?! Can we stop at the shop really fast? I lost my makeup bag at the airport and I want to pick up a few things.
Will you take long?
No?! Five minutes I promise?!
Come on?! We have been here for almost an hour?! I thought you said you were only going to get a few things?! How long does it take you to pick out a lipstick and some nail polish?!
Are you crazy? You have no idea what you are talking about?! Just for my eyes I have to get eye-liner, an eyelash curler, eye shadow, an eyebrow pencil and mascara. Then I need to get foundation, liquid foundation.
Whoa whoa whoa?! Are you nuts? How much is all this going to cost? I’m looking at the price at each one of these little things and it’s outrageous?! This is basically a crayon?!
What about you? You spend as much or more money on your razors, after shave, cologne and gel?! Not to mention how much you spend on clothes and...
Fine?! Get the stupid thirty dollar crayon?!

Can I borrow five bucks?
No?!
Come on?! I'll pay you back on Tuesday.
Last time I lent you money, you never paid me back.
I promise if you lend me five dollars today, I will repay you in full next week.
Ok, but I'm taking your skateboard as collateral.
Fine?! I can't believe you don't trust me.
It's nothing personal, just business.

May I help you, sir?
Yes, please. I'm looking for a cotton polo shirt.
Any particular colour?
Not really. How about this one?
I like the design, but don't particularly care for the colour. Do you have that in other colours, too?
Well, they come in white, pale yellow, aqua, red and green. Will a white one do?
Yes. I prefer white - and may I see a pale yellow one, too?
Why, of course. Let's see... White... Pale yellow. Here you are, sir.

I’m so surprised to meet you in this remote village. Long time no see.
Yeah. How are you these days?

You look terrific and in good shape.
Thank you. How do you keep fit?
I do yoga twice a weeks
Yoga? It sounds interesting.
It was hard at the beginning, but now feel it's really relaxing. It makes me flexible.
Anything else?
Yes, I often go swimming. Are you interested in swimming?
Yes, I like it very much.

Are you going home now?
No, I'm not. What are you going to do? Are you going to work late?
No, I'm not. I'm going to look for an apartment.
An apartment? Why?
I'm going to try to find a place near the office.
Where are you living now?
Out in the suburbs. It's a long trip to work every day.
How are you going to find an apartment?
I'm going to buy a newspaper and check the classified ads.
Apartments in the city are expensive.
I know, but I'm going to enroll in a night school to take a course in business management.

no, no, you helped me with my computer last week. I want to repay the favor.
no, it's definitely my turn to treat you... you paid last time?!
oh, that was just a quick bite to eat---that doesn't count?!
ok, ok, how about we just go Dutch?
It's settled.
Listen, I'm still pretty new around here, would it be alright if you found the restaurant?
ok... sure.

I am waiting for a fax but just now I found there’s something wrong with the fax machine.
What’s wrong with the fax machine? Is it urgent?
Yes, very urgent. And there is no other fax machine around. And the office of our boss is closed, so I can not use his machine either. And his secretary is out. Do you have any suggestion?
Either call this extension number 0085 or ask them to send the fax to you as e-mail, you print it out.

Hey, Jim. It's time to wake up and get out of bed.
Do I have to get up now?
You'd better get up, or you'll be late.
What're you talking about? My alarm even hasn't gone off yet.
Yes, it did. It went off thirty minutes ago. You slept right through it. You're like a dead person while you sleep.
I must have slept right through it.
Rise and shine?! Sleepyhead?!
Just let me sleep five more minutes.
The early bird gets the worm.
I know, I know. But I don't want any worms. Ha?! Ha?!
If you don't make an effort now, later on it'll be a lot tougher for you.

What shall we do tonight?
How about the cinema?
That's a good idea. We haven't seen a film for ages. What would you like to see?
Oh I don't know. Titanic?
Titanic? That old film? but I've seen it before?!

I’Ve been told you might have a vacant room.
Yes. I have a spare room.
How much are you asking?
10.00 dollars a night.
Could I see the room, please?
Sure.Come on in.

Sit down, please. What's wrong with you?
I feel cold, and I'm shivering. I have a terrible headache and a sore throat.
How long have you been like that?
About a day.
Let me have a look at your throat first. Please open your mouth and say " ah ".
Ah... And show me your tongue... Thank you. That'll do. You have slight tonsillitis, and your throat is inflamed. How is your appetite?
Not so good. Now, let me take your temperature. Please put this thermometer under your armpit and let me feel your pulse? Your pulse is weak.
Do I have a temperature, doctor?
Yes, you have a high fever. I'd like to give you a blood test.

Yikes?! What was that noise?
I had to blow my nose.
Did you have to blow right next to the phone? Did you hear that?
Of course I heard that. I thought a plane had crashed into your house.
It wasn't that loud.
I will blow my nose sometime for you, and you'll see.
Okay. I'll take your word for it. I thought you had an elephant in your house.
You're funny.
What did you say? I think I've gone deaf.
I'm going into the bathroom to blow my nose. I'll be right back.

Can I have the check please?
Right away, sir.
Is this amount correct?
Yes, sir, it is.
Thank you, the service was good
Please come again.

Nowadays fewer and fewer people go to the movie theaters to see films. So I am afraid that the film studios are really getting hard time to survive.
What you said is true. But the film producers there are more flexible ways to get more audience. For example, to make more movie Ccds, so people will spend money buying them. But it is true that cinemas are losing the attraction they used to have in the past.
Yes. Take myself for example. I seldom go to cinemas, but it doesn't mean I no longer see films ; instead, I see films at home-watching Ccds.

Okay, well I’m sure you have a number of questions to ask me regarding the position.
Yes, well Miss Childs did give mean overview of the position over the phone, but there were some details I’d like to clarify.
Well feel free to ask me anything, and I’ll try to fill in the details. Could I first ask about the remuneration package?
Yes, of course. That’s quite an important point, isn’t it? As a junior sub editor we offer a starting salary of 150,000 HK dollars per annum. This doesn’t include a generous housing allowance also.
I understand. And are there other bonuses included?
Well, apart from full health insurance we do offer a company staff bonus scheme linked to readership numbers. But we could go through all the details of that at a later date.
Well, Mr. Parsons, I am flexible when it comes to salary. The opportunity to work in Hong Kong for you is the most important thing for me.
Excellent. Well, what other questions do you have Rebecca?

We need to take the accounts system offline to carry out the upgrade. But don't worry, it won't cause too much inconvenience. We're going to do it over the weekend.
How long will the system be down for?
We'll be taking everything offline in about two hours' time. It'll be down for a minimum of twelve hours. If everything goes according to plan, it should be up again by 6 pm on Saturday.
That's fine. We've allowed forty-eight hours to be on the safe side.

Welcome to IBA. Can I help you?
Yes, please. I'm here for an International Settlement. Our company has to effect payment, and it needs to be done today. Here's the advice slip for the payment.
Thanks. I'm sorry to say that you need to get this stamped. There is no stamp on this slip and it is essential before I can process it for you.
I see. So, I need to stamp it. And sign it too?
Yes, that's right. Down here, at the bottom right hand corner to show that you agree to pay the printed amount.
I'll go back to the office and get it sorted and pop back later.
Thanks, bye for now.

That's the warehouse where the large items of office equipment are stored. If I ordered a desk today, how would it be before I got delivery in Scotland?
Well, I think perhaps you'd better speak to our Production Manager, Mr. Yao. You'll meet him when we go over to the factory.

Excuse me. I have just missed the connection plane due to the heavy fog in London. Can I change my ticket now?
Please Show your ticket and passport.
Here you are.
Which flight do you want to change?
The next one to my destination. I have to be there as soon as possible.

Hi, can I speak with the apartment manager, please?
Hello, this is the apartment manager speaking.
I'm calling about the apartment for rent on Main Street.
Would you be interested in seeing the apartment?
I would love to see it.
Are you free today at around 6 p. m.?
Yes, I will be able to make it then.
Well, I'll see you at 6 p. m. Do you know how to get there?
I used to live in that area.
I'll give you an application form when I see you.
That sounds good. Do I need to bring anything?
No. Just bring yourself.

Good afternoon. Welcome to China. May I see your passport, customs and health declaration form?
Yes, here you are.
Thank you. W hat's your occupation, Mr. Smith?
I'm the general manager of the Far-East Industry Corporation. You are here on business, aren't you?
Yes, I have been invited by the East Import
I see. Do you have anything to declare?
Yes, I have some foreign currency to declare.
Would you please fill out this currency declaration form? It's a record of the foreign currency you have brought in.
All right.

How much does it cost for a bus pass?
It'll be $ 65 for a monthly pass.
Is there anything cheaper than that?
If you're in school, you can get a student pass.
Well, I am how much will that cost?
The pass is free.
I don't have to pay for anything?
You'll only have to pay for the monthly sticker.
How much is the monthly sticker?
It's $ 24 for each month.
I'll take the student bus pass.
Okay, I'll get you one.

I see there are some workmen on the site. When is the building work due to start?
Well, it'll take three weeks to demolish the old building and clear away the debris. We should be ready to start the construction work in week 23.
How long will the sub contractors be on site?
About ten weeks in total if everything goes according to plan.
I'm sure it will.
So, we should be able to start moving the machinery in during week 34.
I'll confirm that date with our suppliers.

Andrew's Hair Salon, this is Andrew.
Andrew, this is Linda Chen.
Hi Linda, what can I do for you?
I need to set up an appointment to get my hair fixed.
For what day?
Tuesday morning.

Have you bought a bus pass yet?
I'm not getting one.
Why is that?
It's cheaper if I don't buy one.
Buying a bus pass will save you money. How do you figure that?
There's no limit to how often you can use your bus pass.
Really? Plus, you don't have to use change for the bus anymore.
I like that.
You want to buy one now?
I'm going to.

Are you ready to order, sir?
Yes, I would like a roast duck and my friend wants steaks.
How do you like your steaks?
I'd like it medium-well.
OK, sir, wait a minute.

Hello, I want to know how much it costs to have a manicure and pedicure.
Usually it's 60 dollars for a manicure, and 80 dollars for a pedicure. But with this special discount, the total for both is only one hundred and 20 dollars, and you can get them painted.
That's nice. I'd like to give it a try. I think I like passion red. please.
Alright.Do you want your cuticles cut, too?
No. Would you like the shapes square or round?
Square. But with round at the edges, please.
All right, it's done. Please follow me to the drying section. How long will it take to get them dry?
Ten or about five minutes. You'll be all set.
I see, thank you.

Hello, this is Lucy. May I speak to Mr. Smith?
Oh, hello, Lucy. What's up?
I'm afraid I can't come to work today, Mr. Smith.
Oh, what's wrong with you?
I've got a fever and a very sore throat.
Well, you sound ill over the phone.
Yes. I have to stay in bed today, but I'll be able to come tomorrow.
That's all right. Have a good rest until you feel well enough.
Thank you, Mr. Smith. Goodbye.
Goodbye, Lucy.

Waiter, we have been waiting for 20 minutes. Would you mind hurrying?
I am sorry, sir, the fish you ordered will take a longer time because we make it with fresh fish.
That's fine. Would you please bring me some wine?
Sure, is dry white wine OK?
Yes.
Thank you.

Hi Bob, I won't be in work tomorrow.
Why, what's the problem?
I have a dentist appointment.
Okay.

I've come about your wools. According to our market survey, wools are likely to find a ready market in our country.
Wonderful?! We can meet your requirements and the offer is ready for you. Here it is. The unit price is USD 15.00 per kilogram.
Do you quote CIF or FOB?
It's FOB Shanghai. Could you quote the price of CIF Hamburg?
Certainly, that's easy. We will work out our CIF offer this evening. Could you come again tomorrow, say, at 10 AM?
Okay, see you tomorrow?!

Hi?! Do you want a fill-up?
Yes, please. Which type of gas do you want? Regular, Super, or Premium Unleaded?
What's the price difference?
Regular is $ 1.15, Super is $ 1.25 and Premium is $ 1.39.
Just fill it up with Regular, Unleaded, please. Do you want me to check the tires and the fluids?
Yes, I would. Thanks a lot.

Is your father in the habit of having naps?
Yes, all of us have naps.
Don't you feel dizzy when you have to get up?
No, not at all.

Excuse me. I need some storybooks in easy English. Do you have anything likethat?
Well, there are a lot of storybooks upstairs in our children's section. Some are written for young children, others for teens. Maybe some of them will suit your needs.
I'll go take a look. Thanks for your help.
You're welcome.

Good morning. I need to speak with the property manager, please.
Good morning. You are speaking to the property manager.
While it was raining last night, water started leaking in from the ceiling.
Was it leaking in the bedroom?
It was in the living room.
Can you tell me which floor you are on?
We are on the bottom floor.
I would like to look at the leak. Will you be home this morning?
Yes, someone will be here to let you in.
Just in case you have to leave, we will just use the master key.

How much is your last salary?
I have earned 10,000 a year including bonuses.
How much do you want us to pay you?
I like to be paid more than that. Hopefully, 150,000 a year.
To be honest, I left the company to get more income.

I hope you can help. I've got a bit of a problem with your ATM.
Of course, that's my job. Oh, dear. What's happened?
Well, it's eaten my card?! It won't give it back?!
I see... calm down, don't worry. May I ask what were you doing when it took your card?
Yes. I was only entering my PIN. I'm terrible at remembering it, I'm so forgetful, you see.
Mmmm... and exactly how many times did you enter it, please?
Maybe three times. As I said, I always forget it.
Ah?! Don't worry ; it's just a security measure. If someone uses a card and cannot get the right PIN after three attempts, the bank keeps the card in case it's stolen. Just contact the bank and we'll get it back to you.
Oh, I see. So if I call my branch they can sort everything out for me?
Yes, they'll be happy to help. Believe me, it happens to many people.
I'd better try harder to memorise my PIN in future. Thanks.

Is this the counter to pick up parcels?
Yes, it is. I want to pick up my parcels.
Please show me your parcel order.
OK. Here you are.
Let me check your parcel number. Song Ping's parcel number should be CP 06230221 5 CN.
Here is your parcel.
Thank you.
Not at all.

Hi Brittany. What are you doing with all of your clothes on your bed?
I'm trying to decide what to wear to school the first day.
Oh, A. Mom didn't tell you?
Didn't tell me what?
What? This Bs' school you're going to is going to make your life easy.
What are you talking about brother? Spill it.
Uniforms, sis, no more worrying about appearances?!
You mean I have to wear the same thing every day?
MOM?!

What would you like for your main dish?
Steak, please.
How would you like it?
Medium rare, please.
Anything else, sir? May I have a glass of red wine, please?
Of course.

Mr. Smith, do you like the hotel we booked?
Yes, we do. We like it very much.
I've come to make sure that your stay in Beijing is a pleasant one.
Thank you so much.

David, we have been doing business for three years, haven't we?
Yes, I'm glad we've had very pleasant cooperation in the previous years.
And your achievement for promoting our clothes was great in the three years. So, I wish to apply for the sole agency of your product in our local market. If you give us the agency, that will be more substantial for our cooperation.
To be frank, you are not the only one who applies for an agent for us in your country. I'd like to know some ideas of terms on which you would be willing to operate as our agent.
As we are a well-established company, we are very familiar with the customers' needs. Besides, we can make full use of our good connections with the wholesalers and retailers here and develop a good market for your products if appointed as your agent.
Sounds reasonable. I will tell my boss about you agent application. Another question, what do you think is the minimum annual sales you can guarantee?
To be on the safe side, and for garment of all materials, sizes, and styles, I think the amount will be 50,000 pieces a year.
Well. As our sole agency, you will neither handle the same or similar products of other origins nor re-export our goods to any other area outside your own.
No, certainly not.

Excuse me. I bought this circulator here yesterday but it doesn't work.
Oh, let's see what's wrong.

Where can I find the produce?
Aisle A is where you'll find all the produce.
What sales do they have today?
I'm sure something is on sale. Please check with the produce person.

Hello, this is Steven from Blue Sky Co. May I speak to Mr. James?
Speaking.
Excuse my troubling you. You purchased our products last year and now I am following up to find out about their workings. Are they still in good condition now?
Yeah, exactly?! I bought them last year. En... at present, they are still in good state.
That's it?! All of them have first-class quality and performance. Besides, we adopt advanced technology. Now we have developed new products. They are much better than what you have bought.
Your company is developing so fast. Maybe later on I will plan to buy more.
That's great?! Thanks for your support. If any, please remember to call us.
I am afraid I have to say goodbye now?!
Bye, Mr. James?!
Bye?!

Ms.Dawson, I need you to take a dictation for me.
Yes, sir... This should go out as an intra-office memorandum to all employees by this afternoon.Are you ready?
Yes, sir.Go ahead.
Attention all staff... Effective immediately, all office communications are restricted to email correspondence and official memos.The use of Instant Message programs by employees during working hours is strictly prohibited.
Sir, does this apply to intra-office communications only? Or will it also restrict external communications?
It should apply to all communications, not only in this office between employees, but also any outside communications.
But sir, many employees use Instant Messaging to communicate with their clients.
They will just have to change their communication methods. I don't want any - one using Instant Messaging in this office.It wastes too much time?! Now, please continue with the memo.Where were we?
This applies to internal and external communications.
Yes.Any employee who persists in using Instant Messaging will first receive a warning and be placed on probation.At second offense, the employee will face termination.Any questions regarding this new policy may be directed to department heads. Is that all?
Yes.Please get this memo typed up and distributed to all employees before 4 pm.

Do you have everything?
Let's see... my ID card, my passport, and my suitcase. I'm pretty sure I've got everything.

This is Dunlin. Is this Mrs Smith speaking?
Yes, what can I do for you?
I just want to call and say thank you for letting me interview yesterday.
You are welcome, Mr. Sun.
And I also want to know what the status is of the position.
Sorry, we haven't made the decision at all. But we should be making the decision by the end of this week. And we'll get in touch with you once we make it.
Do you have any questions we didn't cover in the interview?
No. Thank you, I am looking forward to hearing from you. Bye-bye.
Thank you for the calling. Bye-bye.

I often sneeze after having a bad itch inside my nose. Sometimes this is accompanied by an itching throat.
Any other discomfort?
Yes. Sometimes I can notice a constriction in the chest and shortness of breath after a fit of sneezing. And I often suffer from a running nose with a profuse watery discharge.
Does it occur seasonally or all year round?
It has been seasonal during these past three years.
Are you sensitive to other things?
Yes, things like seafood and penicillin-type drugs.
OK. Let me examine your nose. According to your case history and the examination, I believe that it's allergic rhinitis.
What useful treatment can you offer?
I'll give you a series of specific skin tests. Then we'll know exactly what substances you're allergic to. Then I'll give you some causes of desensitization therapy.

Miss, would you like to try this free sample of our new suntan cream?
Sure, why not?
This is a new product of company this year. It's oil-free.
I see. It feels very light on the skin.
It gives your skin a very natural healthy look. I like the cool smell, too.

So how can I make it?
First you make a list of what you wanna buy...
But I’Ve gotta have the budge before anything else.
Well, that’s a problem, isn’t it?

Did you have a part-time job when you were still in school?
No, I was way too busy studying all the time. How about you?
Yeah, I worked about twenty hours a week in a pizza restaurant.
What was that like?
It was always very busy there. What did you do?
I stood behind the register and took pizza orders.
Did you get any perks on the job?
Yeah, I got to eat as much pizza as I could for free.

Okay. I'd like to change some euro into US dollars, please.
Sure. How much would you like to change?
Six hundred euro.
Very good. May I see your passport?
Here you are.
How would you like your bills?
In fifties please.

Why are you reading the classifieds? What do you need?
I'm looking for a bookcase, but I don't want to buy a new one.
Are you having any luck?
Not really. There aren't any used bookcases listed. But there are a few rummage sales on Saturday. I think I'll go to them.
Do you mind if I go with you?
Not at all. These private sales are great places to bargain. And sometimes you can find terrific things among all the junk.
I learned to negotiate from my mother. I thought I was pretty good at bargaining, but I had a problem the other day at Kimble's Department Store.
What happened?
I wanted to buy a beautiful wool sweater for my girlfriend. It was priced at forty dollars, so I started by offering the salesclerk thirty.

Do you do a lot of your shopping online?
Not really. I like looking on the internet at what’s available, but I usually prefer to actually see and touch what I’m buying before I pay for it. Sometimes, I’ll look at something in a shop, but lat No. I’m a little worried about security. You never know who’s trying to find out your codes and passwords. Aren’t you worry about that?
Not really. I know that it happens, but if you buy from reputable companies with secure websites, you should be ok.
Even though I use online shopping facilities, I don’t think it’s the best way to sho
I’m surprised to hear you say that. I thought you loved anything technological.
I do. I’m a big fan of using new technology, but I don’t want to sit in front of a computer screen all day. I think people need to get out and interact with other people. So, how about coming to the department store with me? I want to see if there are any new summer clothes on sale yet.
Sure. I’d love to join you. Can we stop by the computer store? I just want to see if they have something.
Sure. While you’re in the computer store. I will visit the book store opposite. I like to browse through their books and see if they have anything interesting.
Ok. I’Ve finished online. Let’s go.
I’ll just get some money and my credit card.
Thanks for reminding me. I had forgotten to get mine.

Please help yourself at your dishes. I hope you’ll enjoy what you’Ve got.
It suits my taste. You are really a good cook.
Would you like to try my special recipe?
Wow, let me try. It tastes nice.
How did you make it?
It’s as easy as pie. I always follow recipes.

Mr. Dick. Does the recommendation of the university play an important role?
Yes. In fact, the recommendation letter written by the university is an indirect self-recommendation. In the long period of cooperation, the university has established good relationship with the companies or organizations, they trust each other well. If your university recommends you, you can be approved more easily.
But I find that most of the recommendation letters written by universities are the same. So I doubt its authority. More and more persons have the same discoveries since most universities do that in order to save energy. If your university also does like this, you can look for other methods, because such kinds of recommendations say nothing for you.
Could you tell me whether or not I send out my resume with it?
It depends. If it has something special or useful, I suggest you send it out.

Taylor, can you tell me how to apply for a job on the Internet?
Just fill out an application. Do I have to send an E-mail?
You are expected to know the E-mail address of the unit.
But I still don't know which unit is in need of staff. Send out an application through Job-wanted on the website.
Can any unit see my information?
It's a two-way choice. And your application will be read.
Which websites offer this service?
Sina, 21st Century Talent Net, and a few others.
Thank you.

Don’t throw your weight around. I can’t bear you any more.
I dare you to say that again.

Were you a leader when you were in college?
Yes. I was Propaganda department minister of our university.
Did you get any honors or awards at your university?
No. It’s a pity about it.
Were you involved in any club activities at your university?
Yes. I was a member of the basketball Society. I like playing basketball.
What extracurricular activities did you usually take part in at your college?
I sometimes played basketball and sometimes played football.

You want to argue your ticket today?
Yes. That is why I'm here.
Tell me your argument.
I was pulled over for allegedly speeding.
Are you sure you weren't speeding?
To be honest, I really wasn't.
What speed were you going?
I was under the speed limit. I was going 35, when the speed limit was 40.
I'm just going to let you go, since the arresting officer isn't here.
What about my ticket? Do I still need to pay?
Don't worry about it.
I'm so glad for your help.

Annie, do you like shopping online?
Yes, I like it, because it's convenient. Last week, I tried to buy a new cellphone online, but I didn't know how to pay for it.
First, you should open an account at the online bank. After that, you can buy anything you want online.
Are there many things online?
Sure. You can find everything all over the world. Let's check it out online?!
( They log in a shopping website. ) That's amazing. Oh, an on line virtual supermarket? Let's click to check it out. Oh, I got it. It simulates the real supermarket, which makes it feel so real.
Mom will love it. She loves shopping in supermarkets.

Ah, Bob. Just the person I wanted to see.
So what is it?
You gotta help me out this time, buddy.
Another tough thing, I guess.

Hey?! What happened??! My song was only half way through and it skipped to the next song.
I don't know what happened?! You cancelled the song, didn't you, Jack?
No, I didn't.
Really?! Then, is the machine broken or...

Good evening, Do you have a reservation?
Yes. The reservation under Mr. Watson.
Ah, yes, a table for four at 8 Em, no, thanks. I think we'll go straight to the table, By the way. may I check my overcoat here?
Certainly, sir. We'll keep it in the cloakroom for you. Here is your number. When you leave, show it to the waiter behind the counter, please.
Thank you. Could you show us to our table now? Would you please follow me, please?
Thank you. This is your table. It's Number 10.

Hello, ma’am. Can I help you? I’m looking for a sweater.
What size are you looking for?
Well, I’m looking for size 10 but you don’t have it.
How about this one? I think it looks terrific on you.
Yes, I like the color. Can I try it on?
Sure. The fitting room is on your right.
It fits well. I like it a lot. What do you think?
You look pretty in red.
Oh, it’s my favorite. How much is it?
$ 29.99.
Okay. I’ll take it. Thank you very much for your help.
You’re welcome.

Do you have any cars available?
We have only one mid-size car left.
Great, what's the rate per day?
It's 40 $ plus tax per day on limited mileage.
I'm going to need it for three days. Can I see your driver's license?
Sure, here is my driver's license.
Please sign here.

Are you ready to order? I think that we have a pretty good idea of what we would like to order.
Let me tell you about the specials of the day, which are chicken in a wine sauce with capers, and grilled garlic shrimp.
I was wondering if the chef could leave off the sauce.
The chef would be happy to accommodate your special requests.
I am a vegetarian. Do you have any vegetarian selections?
You could choose the roasted vegetable and garlic pizza or the goat cheese and candied walnut salad.
I think that we will split the roasted vegetable and garlic pizza.
That is a good selection, and I can bring your salads now or serve them with your entree.
You can bring us our salads when you bring us our entree.

I can't open this email attachment our Paris office has sent me. Are you sure you're using the right program?
Well, yes it's definitely the same program but I might have the wrong version. Their system is newer than ours.
That's why you can't open it. You'll have to upgrade before you can read the file.

What kind of character do you think you have?
Generally speaking, l am an open-minded person.
What is your strongest trait?
Cheerfulness and friendliness.
How would your friends or colleagues describe you?
They say Mr. Sun is a friendly, sensitive, caring and determined person.
What personality do you admire?
I admire a person who is honest, flexible and easy-going.
How do you get along with others?
I get on well with others.

Hi, I need to make an appointment to see the doctor.
What seems to be the problem?
I have a rash that I need a doctor to look at.
Do you have a fever with that rash?
No, it just itches a lot.
I have openings on Tuesday or Wednesday. Which would be best for you?
I need an appointment on Tuesday.
Fine, I am putting you down for 9
I would like to see Dr. Jones.
I can schedule you with him with no problem.
We look forward to seeing you.

Wow?! What's the hold up?
It’s probably just people trying to get an early start out of the city for the weekend. Nobody sticks around in the summer.
Really? Then, I guess I won’t have a hard time finding a room or getting a cab?
Actually, you might because there’s a big convention in town this weekend.
I’m not too worried about it. I always seem to find something.

Hello, how can I help you today?
I'd like to withdraw some money from my account.
Please fill out this slip stating how much you wish to withdraw.
Well, actually, it's quite a substantial amount. Here's my Bank Book. Will that cause a problem?
On your account there is no limit to over the counter withdrawals, it won't cause a problem.
Here's your money, 10,000 RIB. Please count it before you leave.
Yes, that seems to be all in order. Thanks very much.

Quality is very important to us. We work to very low tolerance levels. We need to have guaranteed supplies of consistently high quality raw materials. Over the years we've built up very good relationships with our suppliers.
Do you have many different suppliers?
Yes. There are about fifty names on our approved supplier list, but for raw materials we tend to deal with three local companies.

Mary, can you tell me how you keep in shape?
You'll never be in shape until you eat less and take more exercise. Now, tell me what you often eat.
I often eat fish and eggs. Do you eat a lot of vegetables?
Oh yes, and fruits. I love fruits very much.
What do you like to drink?
Well, I never drink alcohol, coffee or tea. Whatever would you like to drink?
I drink a lot of milk. I drink milk almost every day. How often do you exercise?
Well, I walk every day. It's a good diet and a regular exercise.
Yes, quite right.

I am sorry, but I cannot stay for the rest of class today.
Why do you need to leave early?
I don’t feel so good. What doesn’t feel right?
I feel as if I am going to be sick to my stomach.
Perhaps you should get checked out at the Student Health Center before you go home.
I have some medicine at home that I could take.
Are you going to be OK to drive home, or would you like someone to go with you?
Thank you, but my friend is in the library, and he can give me a ride home.
We hope that you are feeling better soon. E-mail me if you have any questions.

Your boyfriend is so considerate to you. When do you plan to marry?
It’s still up in the air. There is something wrong between us.

We're considering of ordering 200 computers, but I'm wondering about the price you'll possibly offer.
Our price will be not less than $ 5000.
Your price is higher than I expected. Could you give us a little discount?
This is already our best price. But the price is always negotiable and you should consider our quantity of order.
Well, what would you suggest? Could you make it $ 4500?
I'm afraid that there is no room to negotiate the price. This is the best price we can quote.
Can we meet each other half way?
What do you mean? Let's close the deal at $ 4800, OK?
You drive a hard bargain?! OK, that's a deal.

I'm now on the Songshan airport getting ready for departure. I realized that I might have left my watch.
Yes, Ma'am. May I have your name and room number?
My name is Terry. I stayed last night in your hotel in room 132. What kind of watch is it?
It's a brand-new Seiko wrist watch.
Yes, we have it.
Oh, I'm glad to hear that. Would you kindly send it to the Hilton Hotel?

What are your thoughts on the apartment?
I think that it’s absolutely gorgeous.
There aren’t any problems with the apartment?
I think that the apartment looks very nice, but I do see some problems.
What problems?
I did notice a few stains in the carpet.
We will have the carpet cleaned before you move in.
You will?
Yes, but other than that, are there any more problems?
That was the only thing that I saw that was wrong with the apartment.
I’m happy that you find this apartment so appealing.
It is. I love it.

That China-gown of Tang-Dynasty style is so beautiful. Would you show it to me, please?
Absolutely. Here it is.
Could I try it on?
Please do, the fitting-room is over there.
It feels a little tight around the waist. Do you have a bigger one?
I'm sorry. We don't have this color in your size. We have some green ones in your size. Would you please have a look at this green one?
OK. How much does it cost?
It's 486 yuan.
Mmm, it is reasonable.

Mrs. Wang, would you give us an idea of the price you regard as workable?
As I said before, your price is so high that we find it difficult to make a bid. We hope you will take the initiative and bridge the gap.
Just to comply, we're ready to reduce the price by 5 percent. I hope this concession of ours will get the ball rolling.
So do we. Certainly it's a step forward on your side. But the gap is still too wide.
The ball is in your court, Mrs.Wang. What price would you suggest?
To make your offer workable, I think you should take another step down as big as the one you've just taken.
That won't do. You see, our profit margin is very narrow. It simply can't stand such a big cut.
I hate to disappoint you, Mr. Brown, but if that's the case, we have no alternative but to cover our requirements elsewhere.
Do think it over, please. We sincerely hope our discussion will come to a successful conclusion.
Well, I'm not authorized to agree to such a big reduction. Would you mind waiting a day or two, until I get a reply from the home office?
Not at all. Shall we meet again, say, on Friday morning?
Good. Friday morning at 9.

Good morning. Good morning.This is Mary.Can I speak to Anne please?
I’m sorry She isn’t in at the moment. She will come back at half past nineCan I take a message for her?
Thank you.But I will call her later
OK.Goodbye.
Goodbye.

Hi, Jane. How are you doing this morning?
I’m all right, thanks. Just a little tired.
Late night?
Yeah, I got home around two.

We've been waiting here for nearly ten minutes now, and there still isn't a bus in sight. I'm afraid we'll be late for the party. Have you got the time, Tom?
Yes, my watch says a quarter to seven. but there is something wrong with my watch?!
But you bought it only last month.
Yes, but ever since I bought it, it gains about five minutes a day, so I' Ve got to have it repaired.
How long will it take us to get there?
I think about ten minutes by bus.
It's not far away, then. Let's walk, it's beginning to rain.
Wait?! I think I see a bus coming now.
Let's hope it's the No. 22 bus.

Hi, Mr. Smith. I'm Doctor Hawkins. Why are you here today?
I found it would be a good idea to get a check-up.
Yes, well, you haven't had one for 5 years. You should have one every year.
I know. I figure as long as there is nothing wrong, why go see the doctor?
Well, the best way to avoid serious illnesses is to find out about them early. So try to come at least once a year for your own good.
Ok. Let me see here. Your eyes and ears look fine. Take a deep breath, please. Do you smoke, Mr. Smith?
Yes.
Smoking is the leading cause of lung cancer and heart disease, you know. You really should quit.
I've tried hundreds of times, but I just can't seem to kick the habit.
Well, we have classes and some medications that might help. I'll give you more information before you leave.
Ok, thanks doctor.

Good afternoon. Mr. Tylor's office?
I'm afraid you've got the wrong extension.
I'm sorry, but could you please transfer this call to Mr. Tylor's office?
Sure, please hold on.
Thank you. Now Mr. Tylor's on the line. Go ahead, please.
You are so kind, you helped me a lot.
You are welcome. Bye?!

Good afternoon, Lexington Software. Angelina Dawson, how can I help?
Hello, this is Quinn from IBA.
Ah, hello Quinn. Oh dear, you are calling to tell me there is a problem, aren't you?
I'm afraid so, yes.
Hmm... well, it was my first attempt?! Is it a very big mistake, or can we just alter it?
Unfortunately it's rather a big mistake.
What do you recommend we do?
I would recommend we scrap this one and you bring in another set as soon as possible.
I trust your judgement. Thank you, Quinn. I'll be back tomorrow with a new set. Bye for now.

Oh?!?!?! I have a horrible toothache.
You should go to the dentist.
I hate dentists.
Well, suffer then. If you have a toothache, you have to go to the dentist. It always hurts.
I hate going.
Stop being such a baby. If it really hurts that much, just let them knock you out.
O. K., O. K., I’ll go.
Good. You'll feel better after you do.

Hi, I would like to purchase a one way ticket to Brussels, please.
Certainly sir, this is our train schedule. We have an express train departing every morning and an overnight train that departs at nine pm.
How long does it take to get there?
About twelve hours. We currently have tickets available only for first class on the express train. If you’d like, you can choose a sleeper on the overnight train which is a bit less expensive.
Yeah, I think that is the best option. Do you serve food on the train? Twelve hours is such a long time?!
Yes, of course. There is a dining car towards the front of the train where they serve meals at all times. We do provide complimentary water and coffee for all of our passengers.
Great?! I’ll take it. Here you are sir. Your train leaves from platform number nine at nine on the dot. Remember to be here at least thirty minutes before your scheduled departure time or else you might miss your train?!
I understand. Thank you very much?! Have a great trip.

I would like to take a trip to the beach this weekend.
A trip to the beach would be fun. How is the weather going to be?
The forecast says that it will be warm on the weekend.
So do you think it'll be perfect weather for the beach?
It sounds like it will be. I really hope it doesn't get cold. That would ruin things, I want to go so badly.
The weather in California is unpredictable, so you never know.
That is true. The weather is constantly changing. It would be nice if the weather would never change.
That would be great, then we could plan things sooner. True.
Predictable weather would make life easier.

Some companies use to ban dating among employees, but now they have realized it is something in avertable. People spend so much time at work. It is not surprising for one to have a crash on the other. If we think positively, office love can be beneficial to company.
Beneficial? I don’t think so. If two employees get married, they will leave at the same time for a honeymoon, or later one of them will stay at home taking care of babies. If they break up, the company will probably have to relocate one of them to make the workplace more comfortable. By any means, the company must spare extra efforts to solve problems brought by an office dating.
But if two employees are in love, they will be happy. Happy people are more productive. If they develop an intimate relation with each other, they are willing to share knowledge and experience. It can help to improve work efficiency.
I doubt that.

Do you eat a lot of healthy food?
Compared with healthy food, unhealthy food just tastes so much better. And anyway, I believe if you live a low stress Life and are active, you can get away with eating whatever you like. It's all in the mind.
You have the point. I think cancer is caused by more worry than by the things we consume. Some good things you should try are cranberry juice, wild rice and yoghurt.
What's special about these things?
Cranberry juice is very good for destroying harmful bacteria in your guts because it's very acidic. Wild rice is high in fibre so it's good for your guts and it's high in protein and minerals-I think it's also tastier than normal rice. Yoghurt's good because it's also rich in protein, vitamins and is also acidic. People have been making yoghurt for thousands of years and if you have it every day, your guts will be much more settled.
Thanks. I'm going to follow your advice and pop down to the supermarket right now.

I've been so tired recently. I've been trying, but I don't think I'm up to this job.
You need to take a break, maybe a vacation. Oh, yes, indeed. I've run out of steam.
To be honest, I want to be in a different environment.
Is that so?
Yes, I don't want to be stuck in a rut. I want to move on.
Have you decided?
Yes. I want to get a better job.
Could you tell me why you want to quit?
I quit just because of the dissatisfying salary and the trouble in getting along with my colleagues.
Oh, that's terrible. Do you want to get a higher salary in our company?
I'm afraid not. I've promised my girlfriend. We'll travel southwards to find a job that offers higher pay.
OK, I'd like to say that I've really enjoyed working with you. However, I think you should work harder for your new job and then you can ask for higher pay.
Thank you so much for your advice. And every best wish for your new job.
Thank you.

The train is leaving. Hurry up?! Which car are we in?
Let me see. Oh, No. 11. Here we are, Car 11. Let's get in.
Seats No. 20 and 21. It’s nice that we’Ve got a window seat.
Let's put our suitcases on the rack.
Oh, the baggage rack is full. Put them under the seat for the time being.
All right.

So, how should we get to the theatre? Let's take the bus.
I hate the bus system in London?! The bus drivers are rude, the buses are never on time, and there are few people around who can help you.
It's not that bad. You probably just had a bad experience once.
It wasn't just once. Every single time I take the bus, something bad happens to me or to someone else on the bus.
We could take the subway, but we'd have to go three stops along one line and then change trains twice. Train fares are twice as expensive as the bus fare, too.
If we don't hurry up, we'll miss the show. Should we take the bus?
We're already late, so I think we had better take a taxi.
I don't think we'll be able to find a taxi very easily during hush hours. Let's just take the bus.
Fine. Have a look at the timetable to find out when the next one arrives.
It looks like it should be here in just a few minutes. don't worry. Nothing bad will happen. I'll even buy your ticket for you.
Thanks, that was nice of you.
See, now something good has happened to you on a bus trip?!

Let's go over this plan again. From Vancouver, we bike along the border all the way to Winnipeg. And that is mostly flat, right?
Relatively, once we're out of Alberta, anyway. Then it's hills again in Aitoba.
And from Winnipeg we go around the lakes through Toronto, right?
That's right. And up in to Quebec. And that's where we stop.
It doesn't sound like that much when we go over the plan but that's a long, long ride. Are you ready for the cross country of a lifetime?

Good morning, sir. What can I do for you?
I'm Bill. I'm in Room 908. Can you change the room for me? It's too noisy. My wife was woken up several times by the noise the baggage elevator made. She said it was too much for her.
I'm awfully sorry, sir. I do apologize. Room 908 is at the end of the corridor. It's possible that the noise is heard early in the morning when all is quiet.
Anyhow, I'd like to change our room.
No problem, sir. We'll manage it, but we don't have any spare room today. Could you wait till tomorrow? The American People-to-people Education Delegation will be leaving tomorrow morning. There'll be some rooms for you to choose from.
All right. I hope we'll be able to enjoy our stay in a quiet suite tomorrow evening and have a sound sleep.
Be sure. I'll make a note of that. Everything will be taken care of. And if there is anything more you need, please let us know.

It's time for bed.
I'm not ready to go to sleep. I'm not tired.
It's quite late, and you have an early day tomorrow.
I'm not going to be able to fall asleep.
Why don't you try counting sheep?
I've tried that before. It really doesn't work.
That's beside the point, you still need to go to bed.
Why can't I just stay up until I fall asleep?
If I let you do that, then you're just going to be up all night.
I promise I'll go to sleep soon.
No, you're going to sleep now, so good night.
See you in the morning.

I see myself as being honest, diligent, persevering and creative. And I have a strong sense of responsibility.
How about your psychological resilience?
I think I can work well under pressure, if necessary.
How would you deal with those who are not easy to get along with?
I will just be sincere and friendly to others, and I believe they will treat me the same way.
You seem to be a kind-hearted lady.
Thank you. I simply believe the goodness of human nature.
Please tell me your weaknesses if you can.
I should admit that sometimes I care too much about the details. I am always in pursuit of perfection.

Karen? I need to go over a few things with you.
Certainly. Mr. Graham. When would you like to meet?
I was thinking about this afternoon, after the sales meeting.
Fine. At 3:30?

I believe we' Ve met before. My name's David.
Yes, at your company, I think. I'm Frank.
Oh, I remember now.Very nice to meet you again.
Nice meeting you, too.

I made my little brother cry.
Shame on you?!

I need some mascara. Do you have good thickening mascara?
Of course. Here is our thickening mascara. We also have mascara designed to lengthen the eyelashes.
Alright. And I want to consider your eye shadow too. Do you have a color chart can look at?
We have a very wide selection of colors. And our eye shadow is specially designed to moisturize the skin. So it is very gentle on your eyelids. Would you like to sample some?
Oh, sure I will need to clean off my own eye shadow first.
I can help you with that.
Thank you.

Is this the baggage claim area for flight KB256?
Yes, we are on the same plane.
But I am a transfer passenger. I have a connecting flight to Miami.
So you have to bring your baggage to the transfer check-in area.
Yes.It' s quite troublesome. Why not go and find a porter?

Billy, you don’t look too well. Maybe you should take the day off school.
But Mom?! Today we’re playing football?! I love football?!
You’Ve got a fever and playing football isn’t a good idea for a boy with a fever.
What’s that on your arm?
I don’t know. It was there when I woke up this morning.
It’s rash. I’d better take you to see the doctor.
How did you get that bruise on your leg?
I bashed it against the chair in my room.
Does it hurt?
A little, but not much. Here. Put this wet towel on your face to keep your temperature down. I’ll take you to the doctor’s after breakfast.
If I’m better this afternoon, can I go to school?
If you are better, but I doubt you will be.

This is your schedule.
You're going out of your way for us, I believe.
You are our honored guests.

Are there any vacancies still available?
Yes. We need a plumber here.
I am looking for a job that is more advanced than that, such as sales manager or regional manager.
I am sorry. They are not available now.

My name is Mary, and I will be your waitress tonight.
Thank you, Mary. We have been looking forward to trying out this restaurant.
Before your main course, would you like to order an appetizer?
Sure, that sounds great. Where are your appetizers listed?
There is a special appetizer menu right here in the center of the table.
The chicken and cheese quesadilla looks good. Is that pretty good?
You know, that is one of my favorites?!
OK, I'll take one order of that.
You could choose another appetizer for half price to share.
Perfect?! Please add on an order of onion rings.

I am waiting for a fax but just now I found there's something wrong with the fax machine.
What's wrong with the fax machine? Is it urgent?
Yes, very urgent. And there is no other fax machine around. And the office of our boss is closed, so I can not use his machine either. And his secretary is out. Do you have any suggestion?
Either call this extension number 0085 or ask them to send the fax to you as e-mail, you print it out.

I would like to speak to you, if you don’t mind.
What would you like to speak to me about?
I would like to talk to you about this year’s election.
Is that right? I am a volunteer for this year’s campaign.
That’s wonderful. I am impressed at someone so young taking a stand. I know history is about to be made, and I would like to be a part of it.
That’s fantastic. Are you planning on voting?
I’m going to vote. Go to your polling place early on Election Day.
I will.
Good luck with your volunteering.

We hope that there will be no repetition of this kind of trouble in the future.
Yes. I promise it will not happen again.
We look forward to your settlement at an early date.
We will inform you as soon as possible.

Hello, Steven. How do you get along with your job?
Actually, I learn many things from it. I find that I am a quick learner in new things.
Practice makes perfect. By the way, what do you learn from your job?
At first I didn't know anything about the machine. Now I know how to operate it. Besides, the work gives me a sense of fulfillment and achievement.
Yeah, you are a good learner. I must commend you for your good performance.
Thank you. That's a long way to go for my job.
I appreciate your effort very much. The coffee break is over ; it's about time we set to work.
OK, let's go.

Where on earth are we?
Judging by all the traffic, I'd say we're near the outskirts of the city.
What did I do wrong? Did I take a wrong turn?
I'm not sure, but I think you turned right when you should have turned left on the flyover bridge.
Well, now we should turn back a few kilometres. It seems that the traffic sign is much more important than the map.

Hello. Front desk.
Yes. This is Bob Robinson. I’m calling from room number 627.
Hi, Bob. What can I do for you? Is it possible to change to another room?
Could you please tell me why? My room is facing the swimming pool. It’s noisy for me. I have a problem sleeping. And I feel uncomfortable when I take an elevator.
So you need a quiet side room on the lower floor.
You’re right. Okay. Let me check for a room on the first floor.
Thank you.
I’Ve only two rooms on the first floor. How about room 108?
That’s fine. Can I move now?
Sure. I’ll send the bellman to help you.
Oh, thank you kindly.
You’re welcome.

How long will it take for our order to be delivered?
Let's see. You are importing fifty containers of textiles from China. They should be able to place your order before the end of next week. It will take 2 days for shipping to the port city of Ningpo. The freight will take 3 weeks on the open ocean and will arrive in Los Angeles approximately a month from today. Domestic shipping will be your responsibility, you can make arrangements with the pier in Los Angeles.
Fine, we will handle domestic shipping, but what about customs? Will we have to pay tariff on our imports?
I hope we don't run into any problems with the border control.
No, the Chinese company has that all worked out. With the paperwork you receive with the shipment, you should be good to go.

Now you're my boss, Mr. Henry. Do you have any other particular conditions that you would like the company to take into consideration?
No, nothing in particular. You may ask questions about us, if you have any.
All right. When can I start?

What are you doing here today?
I would like to fight my ticket.
Is the arresting officer in the courtroom today?
Yes, the officer is here today. What's your case?
I was pulled over for running a red light, but I never did.
Do you believe that the officer lied?
There was a camera on the signal. So, he was obviously lying.
Your license plate was caught on camera?
A picture of my license plate was never taken.
Since there is no picture of your license plate on record, I'm going to let you go.
Thank you. I'm glad that you believe me.

Hey Joe, what are you doing in this department store?
Hi, Rita, I'm just looking for a pair of shoes. I won't be here for long.
Why not? When I go shoe shopping, I have so many options for sneakers that I spend awhile looking at all of the choices.
That's my problem. I don't have a lot of options. What do you mean?
This is a big store, isn't it?
Yes, but I have unusually big feet. That wouldn't be too much of a problem except that they're also very wide, and only a few brands sell shoes that I can fit into.
So how do you usually go about buying shoes, then?
Well, first of all, I can only go to certain stores that can guarantee me a large selection.
Well, you're in the right store. If they don't have it, no one will.
After that I choose something from one of the few brands that I know will fit me. I prefer white, so I ask them to bring me a pair of white sneakers in my size. Since I’m usually only given one or two pairs of shoes that meet my qualifications, it makes it a very easy choice.

what shall we do after the volleyball match?
how about going to the Olympic souvenir store to have a look? I remember there is one in the gym.
that's a good idea. I was thinking of buying some gifts for my family. me, too.
What did you have in mind?
I haven't decided yet, but I think the Olympic Mascots are a must.
I agree. They're very lovely, especially " Huan Huan ".
is that the red one? That is my favorite, too. Do you know how much they are?
the five dolls are sold together as a set, and they're priced according to the size. The bigger they are the more expensive.
oh, I see. If I buy more than a set, can I get any discount?
I don't think so. All the souvenirs of the Olympic Games are very hot right now.
any other ideas?
there are lots of things, such as postcards, key chains, posters and various arts and crafts.
it all sounds great. We can go there after the match. I can't wait to see what they have.

Mom?! I hate eating vegetables?!
You don’t have to eat them. I don’t mind.
Thanks mom?! Can I have dessert now? I love chocolate cake?!
No dessert for you unless you eat all your vegetables.
But I don’t like them?! It’s not fair?!
You can have some fruit for dessert. If you eat an apple and a banana, I might let you have a small piece of chocolate cake.
Ok... actually, I don’t mind eating peas and carrots, buy I hate broccoli and cauliflower.
I’ll remember that for next time. You’ll get extra peas and carrots, buy no broccoli or cauliflower. OK?
Thanks mom?!

It was very kind of you to give me a tour of the place. It gave me a good idea of your product range.
It’s a pleasure to show our factory to our customers. What’s your general impression, may I ask?
Very impressive, indeed, especially the speed of your NW Model. That’s our latest development. A product with high performance.
We put it on the market just two months ago. The machine gives you an edge over your competitors, I guess.
Certainly. No one can match us as far as speed is concerned.
Could you give me some brochures for that machine? And the price if possible.
Right. Here is our sales catalog and literature.
Thank you. I think we may be able to work together in the future.

Is the factory fully-automated?
Not completely. Our production process is partially-automated. We use robots on the production line for routine assembly jobs but some of the work is still done manually.
What about supply of parts to the production line?
Well, the parts are automatically selected from the store room using a bar-code system. And there is an automatic feeder which takes them to the conveyor belt at the start of the production line.
What about the smaller components?
They're transported to the workstations on automated vehicles - robot trucks - which run on guide rails around the factory.

I'm glad you're on your ten-year reunion planning committee.
Yeah, you get the TV to yourself while I spend my nights surfing the Net for missing classmates. That's not why. This way I can see how you guys do this sort of thing.
I guess. Don't you have reunions in Taiwan?
Definitely. Every year. But just for our forty-person class. Ours are for everyone that graduated in the same year.

What does your job involve?
I'm the Project Manager so I have to make sure our projects run smoothly. I work with three Project Engineers. They take care of after-sales service and look after the maintenance side of the business.

How many languages can you speak?
Besides Chinese, I can speak English and French. You mean you can read and write both of them?
No, I can only carry on a simple conversation in French.
Can you read and write English well?
I can speak the language better than read and write.
Do you speak the language well enough to communicate with people of English-speaking countries?
I think so. I used to be an interpreter. Do you think your English is good enough to do desk work?
The amount of English I know enables me to do general desk work. I believe what I know is sufficient to work in an American firm.

What can I get for you? Here is the menu.
Let me have a look. Well, how many kinds of steaks do you have?
We have sirloin steaks, pepper steak, and filet steak.
Is there something go with the filet steak?
Yes, we have various sauces.
What about the gravy?

Are you ready to go shopping?
Just a minute. I need to make a list of thinks that we need.
Good idea. Have you written down potatoes, carrots, and onions?
I don’t have onions on my list. I’ll add them. We should get some tea. Is green tea ok or should we get the same tea that we usually get?
Let’s get both. We need some coffee too. Is that on your list?
Yes, it is. Here’s my list. Is there anything that I’Ve forgotten?
I think you’Ve got everything. I want to got some chocolate and some cheese.
What kind of cheese do you want.
I’m not sure. I’ll decide at the cheese counter, when I can see what they have.
Have we got enough money?
We don’t have enough cash, so I’ll take my credit card and we can pay with that.
Where are the car keys?
I’Ve got them there. Shall I drive?

Hello, can you tell me how to use the telephone?
If you want to order meals, call 8801.If you need other help, call 8803 and someone will be there.
Thank you so much. By the way, is there a mail service?
Yes, you can take your letters to the counter over there.

I am afraid that the fax machine in my room won’t be working till tomorrow. A technician has just come and checked it. He will bring me a new one tomorrow. It seems there is a big problem with mine and it will take some days for repairing. Can I use the one in your office?
Of course you can. I am sure this one works very well. I just sent dozens of pages. How many pages are you sending? Are you familiar with my fax machine?
Yes, I think you have the same model as I have.
Does your fax machine print out immediately a transmission protocol?
Yes, it will print immediately.

How many years have you done business with China?
Let me see, about five years, we established our business relationship with Hua Mei of China Import & Export Corporation in 2003.
Do you have any difficulties in doing business in China? You know the Chinese economic legislation is still incomplete?
I don't think I have any problem with our Chinese partners. They have always followed the contract strictly. We can do business directly with the corporation. As I mentioned before, the Chinese government is trying very hard to perfect its law. Its commercial legislation provides legal protection for foreign companies.
Well, it's known that the Sino-American relation is in a dilemma. Does it influence your business in China?
Actually not at present. But we are afraid it will. You know policies influence business to some extent.
I hope our government will not be influenced by some extremists. China is really a large market. We don't want to lose it.
Thank you.
You're welcome.

Give me a pack of first-class stamps, please.
Here you are. That will be five dollars. Anything else?
Yes. I want some post cards and some airmail stamps. I want to send some letters to South America.
Just a moment, I'll look up the rate for air-mail letters to South America.
Can you tell me how much it will cost to send a package to Colombia? Also, I what to know how long it will take.
Do you have the package with you? I would have to weigh it to see how much it would cost. Do you insure package?
Yes. All you have to do declare the value of the package and decide how much you want to insure it for.
Is there a way that I can be sure that the people in South america receive my package?
The post office rarely loses package. You can, however, request a rectum receipt.
One last question-what are your hours?
We open at eight-thirty in the morning and close at five-thirty in the afternoon.
Thank you, you helped me a lot.

Hello, thank you for taking the time to interview me.
Hi there, I’m Bill Gotcha, the owner of Gotcha Enterprises. Did you find your way here OK?
Your assistant gave wonderful directions.
Why are you switching jobs at this point in your career?
Our Company is moving overseas and I wish to stay in the United States.
What are you best at?
I am good at organizing systems that have been having problems.
What is your biggest challenge in terms of skills?
I don’t like to sit around and so like to always find things to do to keep myself busy.
That is good to hear?!

Good morning. SRC international. How may I help you?
Good morning. I'd like to speak to Peter. Chen Please.
Certainly. Who should I say is calling?
This is Tim. Hunter from Hunter industries.
And what is it regarding please?
We have an appointment for this afternoon. Mr. Chen will know why I'm calling.
Of course, Please hold the line Mr. Hunter.

Right, let me run through your options. You can go ahead and cash your undue Large-Amount Deposit Certificate if you really want to, but I'd recommend a Personal Durable Commodities Loan.
OK, what does that entail?
It's not too much trouble to do it this way and remember, your certificate is due in 2 months. If you can hold on to it, it'll be much better for your finances.
Yes, it does seem a little silly to cash it now. I'll probably need about 25,000 RIB. Will that be a problem?
Not at all, Mr Zu. As the certificate is due in 2 months, you can get the loan on mortgage of that certificate.
I'm glad you thought of this. I'd have just gone ahead and cashed it?! And I suppose I can use the money from the certificate to pay back this Personal Durable Commodities Loan and I won't lose any interest, right?
Exactly right. If you'd like to go ahead, I can process that for you now, Mr Zu.
Absolutely, Jenny. Thanks very much, I think you've saved me quite a lot of money today.

My aunt told me one of her secrets--cellophane tape. I just got it at the special health store. It's for my flabby arms.
Let me know how it works. I have to say, I have had enough of this roller coaster.
I know what you mean. I'm like a yo-yo. Last week I was down to 60 kilos. This week I had one donut more. Now I'm up to 62 kilos.

May I have a menu, please?
Of course. Could you tell me how this thing is cooked? Lobster?
It is steamed and served with our special sauce.
Is it good?
Sure. It is a most popular dish.
I think I will try some lobster, and give me some green salad together.

Can’t you come in and have tea now, Peter?
Not yet, I must water the garden first.
Do you have to water it now?
I’m afraid I must. Look at it?! It’s terribly dry.
What a nuisance?! Last summer it was very dry, too. Don’t you remember? I had to water it every day.
Well, I’ll have tea by myself.
That was quick?! Have you finished already? Yes, Look out of the window. It’s raining.
That means you needn’t water the garden.
That was a pleasant surprise. It means I can have tea, instead.

I'm broke, and I have to catch another bus.
Why don't you have any money for another bus?
I got hungry and bought some chips.
That was smart.
Anyway, do you have any change I can use for the bus?
I don't have any.
I don't know how I'm going to get home.
Get a transfer from the bus driver.
How much is a transfer?
It doesn't cost anything.
That's great?! Thanks for your help.
You know what? Don't mention it.

Hello, Anna. Come in and sit down.
Hello, doctor.
What's the matter? I've got a backache.
Do you often suffer from backache?
No, I don't. I've never had a bad one before. When did it start?
About four days ago.
Well, go home and rest in bed for two days, then you'll feel better. Can you give me some medicine? It's very painful.
Yes, I'll give you some pills. Take one a time and three times a day, and come back in three days. If you don't feel...

Welcome on board. May I see your boarding pass?
Here you are. Your seat is three, in the third row, near the window.
Thank you. Where can I put my suitcase?
Either in the overhead compartment or underneath the seat.
Everyone's attention, please. We are going to take off. Please fasten your belts.

Hello, madam. How do you like your staying here?
Quite good. Excuse me, are there any places of interest?
Yes, there are so many near our hoteI. Three blocks away from here, there is temple. It's famous for its building and paintings. lt' s worth visiting.
Thank you. I think today we will go there.

You're here to make a deposit, is that correct?
Right. I'd like to deposit 2,000 RIB into my Current Account.
No problem. Could I have the cash and your Bank Book, please?
Oh dear... there seems to be some problems here... What? What's wrong?
I'm sorry but 5 of these notes seem to be counterfeit. Look at this watermark, do you see it?
It does look a little strange, I didn't notice that before.

Hello, sir. Is there anything I can help you find?
Um... Uh... I'm just looking, thanks.
Need a gift for your girlfriend or wife...
No, no, no. I'm just browsing. Thanks anyway.
Well, if you need anything, just ask. Um... well, where's the men's shoe department?
It's on the third floor. Turn left when you get off the escalator.
Thanks.

An idea about killing time on a train?
I advise you to read Playboy.You can get a lot from it.
But there's quite a lot of rumors about it.
That's why it's interesting.

Have you brought the receipt with you?
No, I don't. I left it home.
Sorry, but we can't do anything without the receipt. Come back with it.
I didn't know. I'll go to get it. How late will you be open?
Till 5:30.

I haven't told you what happened yet, have I?
I haven't heard anything.
My boss offered me a promotion, and I took it.
Are you serious?
Yes, I am really excited.
That's great. Congratulations?!
Thank you.
Actually, I could not believe it at first. You know, there're so many outstanding people in our company. Many of them are qualified to fill that position.
Sure, but you really did great and outperformed the others. You deserved it?!
Thank you very much.

I like Chinese food.
I like Chinese food, too. I like dumplings best. At school, we sometimes have Chinese food for lunch.
That's good. We eat Chinese food only at the Chinese restaurant.
My mother can make some Chinese food.
Really? That's wonderful?!

OK. Come back into the classroom, class.
Does the class start again, Mam?
Yes, but to the heath, this break has last long enough.
Oh, breaktime flies. come on, baby. It’s time now.
Mam, another minute, could I?
Hurry up, little boy.

What's the actual flight time from here to San Francisco?
It's about twelve hours.
Can you tell me what time we're arriving?
Sure. Let me see... at 6:15 a. m. local time.
I see. And that'll be 10:15 p. m. Beijing time.

Excuse me, but I'm not feeling too well. I think I'm going to throw up.
There's an airsickness bag behind the seat that's in front of you.
I must've missed it. Is this your first time flying?
Yes. I'm going to San Francisco.
Oh, it's a beautiful city. I think you'll like it.
Hey, I'm feeling much better already.
Sometimes if you don't think about it, that sick feeling will go away on its own.
Thanks.
By the way, my name is Mary.
I'm Frank. Nice to meet you.

Welcome to Al's Bakery. What can I get you?
Hi?! Let me get a dozen croissants, four blueberry muffins and a loaf of sourdough bread.
Sure. Would you like to have the loaf sliced?
No, that's OK. Do you have any whole wheat bread?
We are out at the moment. May I suggest some rye bread?
Sure that sounds good. Do you have any cakes?
We have various birthday cakes and also ice cream cakes.
I'll just take a cheesecake.
Will that be all?
Yes.
Your total is forty three dollars and twenty cents.
You got it.

Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, we are happy you have all come out for our training workshop. Today we have a great line-up of speakers to talk to you. First on our program is a well-renown expert in the field of international economic development, Harvard's own Dr. James Smith. Dr. Smith has been involved in economic research for over twenty years, and has taught at Harvard since 1995. And now, without further adieu, we'd like to welcome Mr. James Smith.
Thank you, Mr. Jackson, ladies and gentlemen, colleagues, friends. The subject of my talk is international relations in a morgen world. I plan to say a few words about the current situation in the Middle East and how it affects world economy. I'd like to give you an overview of the way that the economies of seemingly unrelated countries are intertwined. I've divided my talk into three parts, first an overview of international relations, second a discussion of current political situations, and lastly trends for the future. My presentation will take about two hours, but there will be a twenty-minute break in the middle. We'll stop for lunch at 12.

You're looking rather pale, why?
I couldn't sleep well recently.
You'd get plenty of sleep for you work so hard.
I always drink too much wine in the evening.
You shan't drink more wine in the evening.
Yes, you are right.
And you'd take some exercise every day.
Many thanks for your advice.

Hello Mrs Parker, how have you been?
Hello Dr Peters. Just fine thank you. Ricky and I are here for his vaccines.
Very well. Let's see, according to his vaccination record, Ricky has received his Polio, Tetanus and Hepatitis B shots. He is 14 months old, so he is due for Hepatitis A, Chickenpox and Measles shots.
What about Rubella and Mumps?
Well, I can only give him these for now, and after a couple of weeks I can administer the rest.
OK, great. Doctor, I think I also may need a Tetanus booster. Last time I got it was maybe fifteen years ago?!
We will check our records and I'll have the nurse administer and the booster as well. Now, please hold Ricky's arm tight, this may sting a little.

I’m interested in teaching at your school.
Great. Are you a qualified teacher?
Yes.
What kind of teaching certificate do you have?
I have a TEFL certificate.
How many years of experience do you have?
I have three years of teaching ESL and four years of teaching per-school children.
When did you get your TEFL certificate?
I got my TEFL certificate three years ago.
Why do you want to teach at our school?
Well, I’Ve heard many good things about it. I also like teaching young children.
That’s great. Can you speak Chinese?
Yes, just a little.
Can you come in for an interview tomorrow at 10:00?
I sure can.
Great. See you then.

Why is the car before us stopping?
What's going on? Look. Two cars are standing right in the middle of the road and the drivers are shouting rude words to each other.
That's why that car stops.
More and more people easily get irritated while driving.
Yes. This is what is called road rage.

This is today’s schedule. At 8 thirty AM, conference with the department managers. At 9 o’clock, live for the workshop where you’ll award prizes to the staff for preventatives.
That’s great. What are the prizes?
3000 RIB as bonus for each person. To encourage the staff increases.
Ok. Next thing is laying the corner-stone for the new plant at 10 AM. At 12 AM, back here for lunch. What about the afternoon? At 2 PM, give a presentation here with the press. At four o’clock sharp, have dinner with Mr. Smith, manager of NCC.

This is Lincoln Bank, Consumer Credit Department. How can I help you?
Ah, hello. I'm calling to find out how I apply for a car loan.
We offer a Personal Automobile Consumer Loan. The application process is pretty straight forward. I trust you have enough funds to cover the 20 % down payment?
Yes, I do. It's ready and waiting in my account.
The next step is for us to recommend a dealer to you, who are already contracted to us, so...
Could I just stop you there? Sorry to interrupt, but I have already been to your appointed dealer and selected the car I want.
That will certainly cut down the processing time. We can move on to the next step. Do you have the purchase price?
Yes, it's 110,000 RIB. So, with the down payment done, I will need to borrow 70,000 RIB.
What we need you to do next is to come into the branch with a correctly filled in application form, ID card, proof of residency, proof of income, the agreement from the agent and of course the 20 % down payment.
Yes, I have everything here.
OK, I'll come in and see you later today. Maybe I could have my new car as early as next week?! How exciting?!

Hi, my name is Tom.
Tom, the new sales representative? Nice to meet you?! I'm Melinda.
Nice to meet you too.Melinda. Now let me show you around. This is our reception area, and our conference room is right over there. Over here is the sales department.
Really? This is a nice office, but it's quite small.
Yeah... You can make photocopies and send faxes over there.
It looks like you guys work hard.
I tell you what just between you and me, we just mess things up so that it looks like we work hard.Just kidding.
Oh, your cubicle is over the. And this way. Those are all private offices the managers offices.
Hmm... Tell me more details about our jobs.
Sure thing.

What do you think of our price? Your price has gone up sharply, hasn't it?
Yes. We regret we cannot maintain our original price. Since the prices of the raw materials have been raised, we have to adjust the price of our products accordingly.
I agree with you there, but your price is unreasonable.
I don't think so. You must compare our price with that of other export houses. I'm sure our offer is in line with the prevailing market price level.
I don't think we'll be able to pay the price.
To have this business concluded, you need to lower your price at least by 3 %.
I’m afraid that there is no room for any reduction in price.
Don't you agree with me that in the long run, moderate prices will bring about large sales and more profit?
We've already cut down our price to cost level.
Is that all?
Yes, this is the best we can do.
I'm sorry we can't handle the price you offered.

So, Jimmy, how does it feel to have your own money?
It’s great, dad. I don’t mind delivering papers, but the real fun is collecting the money.
Even though you are only twelve, it’s not too early to start saving a little money.
I’Ve never had a bank account before. Why don’t I just keep my money under the matters like grandpa does?
You know you would spend it. And also, money in the bank earns interest.
But what if I need my money suddenly?
The bank will give you a PIN, and you can withdraw money from any ATM.
Great?! So it’s almost the same as keeping it under the matters?!
Not quite. You have to maintain a minimum balance of twenty dollars. And sometimes the bank has service charges. But you don’t have to worry about that yet. Let’s go make your first depot OK.
Guess I have to do that before. I can make money my first withdrawal.

Is this where I can catch a bus to the theater?
Yes, but you can't get there with out a change.
Which bus do I have to change?
You have to get off at the hospital and change for bus 15.
I see. Thank you.

Here we are, Joan. This is the Palace museum, also known as the Forbidden city.
Oh, how splendid?! Can you take a picture of me here?
Sure.

Excuse me. I'm afraid I got lost. Where am I on this map?
We are here, bus station, we are in the heart of the city.
Oh?! Can I go from here to the Zhongshan Park?
Head straight up the street about two blocks then turn right.

Tony, could you tell me if there are any special rules about the job?
Working hours are from 8: 30 a. m. to 5:00 p. m. Be sure not to be late or absent. Report to the manager by filling in the' Monthly Report' every month.
Is there anything else? How about my salary?
Our company has a strict and reasonable salary standard. On the 20th day of every month, you can get your salary on time. Benefits depend upon the length of service and the employee's past attendance record.
Wow, thank you for telling me these. Do you mind telling me something else, like attendance record, holiday, and how to ask for leave?
All new members are likely to ask the same questions. Haha.
I can understand that. Every month you have three days off, besides the weekends and some important holidays. After you've been here for a year, you qualify for a one-week vacation. The leave less than a half-day should predict for an hour, and more than a half-day should predict three days.
Okay, that's good. I get it.

Kate, you never believe what's happened.
What do you mean?
Masha and Hero are getting divorced.
You are kidding. What happened?
Well, I don't really know, but I heard that they are having a separation for 2 months, and filed for divorce.
That's really surprising. I always thought they are well matched.
What about the kids? Who get custody?
Masha, it seems quiet and makable, no quarrelling about who get the house and stock and then contesting the divorce with other details worked out.
That's the change from all the back stepping we usually hear about.
Well, I still can't believe it, Masha and Hero, the perfect couple.
When would they divorce be final?
Early in the New Year I guess.

Overseas operator. I would like to make a collect call to Taipei, Taiwan, please.
Your name, please.
Tim Chen.
What's the number, please.
The area code is 2, and the number is 2367-9960.
The line is connected. Please go ahead.

Hello. Excuse me.
Yes. Can I help you? Do you remember me? I just had lunch here a half hour ago.
Of course I remember you.
I think I lost my wallet here.
Oh, no. Really? I didn't see anything.
Really? You didn't find a wallet?
No, I didn't.
Would you like to go look by the table with me?
Yes, I would.
It's not here. And it's not on the floor.Has anyone sat at this table since we left?
No. It's been empty the whole time.
Hmm. I don't know how it could have happened.
I remember, sir, that your friend took the bill.You didn't pay for the lunch yourself, did you?
No. My friend did.
Then are you sure you took your wallet out of your pocket while you were here?
No, I'm not sure. But I usually take out my wallet when I sit down.It' s uncomfortable to sit on it. So I usually put it next to me on the table.
Maybe you lost it before you came here. Or maybe you left it at home.
I don't think it's at home. I think I had it when I left the house.But what should I do?
Well, the first thing you should do is make sure it's not at home.Then, if it isn't, you need to call your credit card companies and cancel your cards. Next, you need to replace whatever you lost, your driver's license, things like that.
Should I call the police?
You can if you want. But the police usually don't do anything about lost wallets.
Hmm. I'll go home and check. Maybe you're right. Maybe it's at home.
I'm sorry we couldn't find it, sir.
Thanks for your help.

Good morning, young lady. You can call me Ma. Do you see anything you like?
Yes. Many things?! I especially love this beautiful quilt.
That quilt was passed down to me from my ma in Holland.
It sounds like a special quilt. Why do you want to sell it?
Well, this home is too big for me now, so I'm moving to an apartment that is much smaller. Therefore, I need to part with a few things.
Oh, I see. Umm, how much do you want for the quilt?
Is fifteen dollars OK?

Have you got change for a thousand?
Let me see.

May I come in, Mr Sun?
I’d rather you didn’t, Miss Yang. I’m very busy now.
Can I try later then?
Yes, of course.
Is it all right for me to come in now, Mr Sun?
Well, uh... I’m still pretty busy, but... all right. Come in.
What can I do for you?
Do you mind if I sit down?
Not at all. Take a seat. Now what can I do for you?
I want to leave the department. Do you think I could put info a transfer?
Yes.
But why should you want to do that?
Do you mind if I speak frankly?
Not at all. Go ahead.
Well. You see, I don’t like the office. I don’t like the staff. And I’m afraid of you. And I don’t want to go one. So may I put info a transfer?
Yes. I’d be delighted if you did.

Where is that? Take me to the airport, please.
Are you in a hurry?
I have to be there before 17 o'clock.
We'll make it except a jam. You know it's rush hour.
There's an extra ten in it for you if you can get me there on time.
I'll do my best.
Here's twenty dollars. Do you have small bills?
No. If you can't break it, keep the change. But can you give me a receipt?
Here is your receipt.
Thank you.

Recently I have been getting headache and my eyes don't seems to see focus properly.
When did you last time have your eyes checked?
Two years ago. At that time I had no problems.Now I can’t even make out something ten meters away.
Come over here. I will test your eyes. First cover your left eye like this, and when I point, please read the chart from the top, and go as far as you can, telling me which way the “ E ” points.
All right. Good.Now the other eye. Well, this one is worse.
Never mind, just read as far as you can.
I can only read the first three lines.

Is there a car park near the supermarket?
Yes, there is an underground car park near the supermarket.
I see. Thanks.

Oh, come on, Ultraman?! What's up, Bro? What's in the bulletin?
It says that there will be a blackout from 5 p. m. to 7 p. m. in our neighborhood today.
Blackout? Even the TV has the limit. Don't you know you will look like a monster in the blackout?
Oops, no, Daddy can't watch American Idol, either?! That's not the point.
Come on, can you imagine that there will be no electricity on such a hot day? Oh, my god?! No air-conditioner?!
OK, since you are the smart one, can you come up with a better plan? So that we won't be baked like cookies here.
How about playing Barbie out there in the neighborhood?
Barbie? You know, I might be seven, but I'm not a girl.
Do you have a better plan?
All right, all right.

Yes, ma'am, how could I help you?
I am wondering if you do facial care?
Yes, we do.
How much would it be?
From 200 to 800.
I'm afraid 800 is too expensive for me. Could you recommend something around 300?
No problem.

Can I help you, Miss?
I would like to order 2 office-style cabinets and desk calendars. We want office-style cabinets in white. The catalogue number is 90-f-2356.
How soon do you want it?
Could you deliver it tomorrow?
No problem. Please handle the items carefully.
Certainly.
We will pay by collect on delivery.

I hate to do this to you, Alice, but I’m going to have to ask you to put in some more overtime.
Does it have to be this afternoon, Mr. Fairbanks? I’Ve already made plans.
Well, I would have preferred to do it today, but if you’Ve already made plans, we can do it tomorrow.
I’d appreciate that, sir. How long do you think you’ll need me to stay?

What’s your attitude when do wrong things at work?
The buck stops here.

Hello?! Is your company advertising for administrative assistant on the newspapers?
Well, Administrative assistant with shorthand and typing skills are badly needed here.
First I want to check about the availability and see if you could give me more information.
The position calls for a person with some working experience. We must be able to benefit from your analytical and interpersonal skills. Can you deliver your resume to us first?
Of course. I will deliver my resume to you in minutes' time. I hope you will consider my application and I shall appreciate a reply at your earliest convenience.
OK. I will call you soon. Bye now.
Bye.

Just as the saying goes, every potter praises his own pot. You should pay special attention to selling yourself properly in the interview. It is especially important for the graduates who step into the job market for the first time. You'd better prepare what you are going to say in advance, in order to have a good performance in the interview. The contents should be mainly descriptions of your background. And the length depends on the particular situation. Only when you are aware of what the interviewer will be interested in, can you make a targeted preparation. To sell yourself successfully, you should leave the interviewer a deep impression. Selling yourself should go straight to the point, and the statement should be clear and brief. It should also be truthful and realistic. Do not blindly blow your own horn. You should particularly state your strong points which are closely related to the position you are applying for. While you should not omit your weak points, they need to be described appropriately Time permitted, you could add certain examples to your description. Besides, in the interview, it is best that you make corresponding adjustments to apply your prepared contents flexibly.

Hello?
Hi, Deborah?! This is John. I'm calling from Australia.
What are you doing in Australia?
I'm attending a conference in Sydney this week. Remember?
Oh, right. What time is it there?
It's 10:00 P. M. And it's four o'clock in Los Angeles, right?
Yes - four o'clock in the morning.
4:00 A. M.? I'm really sorry.
That's OK. I'm awake now.

John hasn't turned up and Stefan is ill. Do we have anyone on stand-by?
I'm afraid not, we're very short-staffed at the moment.
Can you ask the shift supervisor to ask one of his team to do some overtime?
Perhaps Tommy can stand in for an hour or two until we find a replacement.

Jack, let’s go?! Oh, you are out of breath?! What happened?
Some people are wildly shooting on the next street. We must leave here as soon as possible?!
Take it easy. They will get caught.

Hello. May I speak to Jerry, please?
Sorry, but he is out for lunch right now.
I see. Can you give me some idea how long he'll be back?
I think he will be back around 2:00. If you like, please leave your name and phone number, I'll have him call you as soon as he comes back.
That's nice. My name is Steven, my phone number is 6789777.
Okay, I'll be waiting for his call. Thank you and bye?!
My pleasure, bye?!

Excuse me, Miss. What can I do for you?
I've just heard an announcement that my flight has been delayed.
What's your flight number?
Flight CA216 to Chengdu.
Yes, it's true. It has been delayed.
Could you please tell me why?
Yes, of course. The delay is due to heavy rain.
How long will the delay be? Do you have any further information about it?
I am sorry, we don't know the extent of the delay at present. But according to the latest weather forecast, there will be a change in weather soon. We have to wait.
Well, is it possible for the rain to stop before noon?
It's hard to say. Weather is so changeable in the summer. Please listen to the latest announcement about your flight.
Yes, I will. Thanks a lot. Bye?!
Bye

What are we going to do? I can't get the car out of this ditch. I'm stuck?!
I'm worried, Tom. I haven't seen any other cars for almost an hour.
I know. This is terrible. What can we do? This snow doesn't stop falling?!
I told you we should have stayed in town today.The weather report said 100 percent chance of snow.Why did you want to come up here?
I wanted to show you the cabin. We only had another half-hour to go.
Well, now we're stuck. What can we do?
I don't know. I've heard that when this happens, it's important to save energy.
What do you mean? We're stranded here, Tom. We may be here a long time.We need to conserve the gas in the car. The car's energy is what will keep us warm.
I have plenty of gas.
Yes, but the gas and the battery both have to stay working.We can't just let the car run and run.If we do, it will die soon. Then we'll freeze.
So what can we do?
Turn the lights off.Then, run the car and the heater only about fifteen minutes every hour.That will conserve the heat as long as possible.
Alright. That's a good idea. I wish we hadn't come up here. Now we'll probably be here for days.
Days?
Yes, it happens.That is what happens in big snowstorms. People get stranded for days.
Oh, my God?! It's good we have food. Probably we'll survive.But turn the car off for about forty-five minutes. Then we'll turn it on again.

Hey, buddy, can’t you see there’s a line?
Oh, sorry. I didn’t know.
What? You haven’t taken the bus before?
No, I’m afraid not.
Well, you have to wait in line like everyone else. Besides, you should let old people on first.
Sorry.
It’s all right. Where are you going?
I wanted to see the White House.
Oh, well you don’t want this bus, anyway. It goes to Georgetown.
Oh, no. It’s all right, though. Just get off at the next stop and catch the 79A.
Oh, well thank you very much.
You’re welcome.

Can I help you?
I'd like the double cheese burger meal, please.
What kind of drink would you like with that?
Just coke will be fine.
Would you like a super size meal? Only 2 RIB more, you'll get large coke and fries instead of medium. And today we are offering free toys all the meal boxes.
That sounds good, thanks, I'd like that. Actually I'd like sprite instead of coke, thanks.
That's not a problem, Miss. Will that be it?
Yes, that's all. That will be 25RMB, please
You got it.

Do you have any night tours?
Yes, we will depart in 10 minutes.
Is that a guided tour?
Yes, it is.
That's fine. Let's get on the bus.

I am sure we will make it up as soon as possible.
That's nice. We hope this matter will not affect our good relations in our future dealings.
Of course not. We have cooperated for a long time.

I would like to purchase some meat.
What kind of meat would you like to get today?
First off, I'm going to need a pound of ground beef.
A pound of ground beef is $ 2.48.
That's perfect. What else will you be needing?
I'm also going to need three pounds of chicken breasts.
The chicken breasts cost $ 4.05 per pound. What's the total price for the chicken?
It's going to be $ 12.15.
Okay, I think that will be all for me today.

I think you know already that I want to discuss the represent - ton for your alarm clocks.
Yes, Mr. Bergeron. You mentioned that in your letter.
To tell you the truth, your proposal surprised us.
Is that so?
Anyhow I want to go over the details with you in person, so you can give my suggestion thorough consideration.
Our firm specializes in this line of business. We have six sales representatives, who are on the road all the time, covering the whole of the European market.
Do you sell direct to shops?
Yes, we specialize in handling clocks and watches of all sorts. We have well established channels of distribution and we canvass the retailers direct, without any middlemen.
Do you keep a stock of these things?
In some cases, such as the wristwatches, which always have a steady market, we keep a stock in London and act as distributors as well as agents. Generally, however, we pass on the orders of our clients to the manufacturers for supply. We are paid for our service, of course.
That is, your commission.
Yes, our commission is very reasonable. We usually get a 10 % commission of the amount on every deal. Our agents in other areas usually get a 3-5 % commission. The European market is not familiar with your products. You have competitors from Japan and other continental countries. At the beginning of our campaign, there is sales resistance to overcome, we must send out salesmen to do a lot of traveling and spend a considerable amount of money on advertising in news - papers and TV programs. A 10 % commission will not leave us much.
According to your estimate, what is the maximum annual turn - over you can fulfill, in round figures, of course?
We will always do our utmost to enlarge the business, as our remuneration increases with the turnover, but we will not guar - ante anything, at least not to begin with.
We appreciate very much your intention to push the sale of our products. But our suggestion to you, Mr. Bergeron, as a preliminary step, is to do a little research into the market...
Do you mean to say you refuse us the agency?
Mr. Bergeron, you leave us no alternative. We can not give you an exclusive agency of the whole European market without having the slightest idea of your possible annual marketing turnover. Besides our price is worked out according to the costing. A 10 % commission means an increase in our price. We must have the reaction of the buyers in this respect.
Oh, that's just too bad. I intended to make great efforts in selling your products.
Well, we can still carry on our business relationship without the agreement. To start the ball rolling, we will provide you with price lists, catalogues and some samples. Only when you have a thorough knowledge of the marketing possibilities of our products, can we then discuss further details.
Ah, Mrs. Miller, but in this case am I covered?
Oh, yes. We will give you a 5 % commission on every transaction.
All right, but I'll be back again for the Autumn Fair. And then I hope we can see eye to eye about our commission and the terms of the agency.
Very good. We will discuss the matter again at the next Fair.

Excuse me, I’m sorry to trouble you. My name is Susan Ransom, and I have placed several orders with you company.
Yes, Mr. Ransom? This is Karl Miller. How may I help you?
Well, I wonder if you could track an order I placed with you last month. It hasn’t arrived yet.
Certainly, Ms. Ransom. Do you have an order number?

Have you worked out the offers. Mr. Thou?
Yes, we have. Here's our CIF quotation sheet. Please have a careful look.
Are the prices on the list firm offers?
Yes. All the quotations on the list are subject to our final confirmation.
I wonder whether there are any changes in your prices.
All these products are our best-selling lines. The prices of our products will change according to that of the international market demand. And we are always open to negotiate, especially on larger orders.
What do you have in mind?
How long does your offer remain valid?
I need some time to get my supervisors on board with this plan.
I understand. Our offer remains open for 4 days.

Hello sir, may I help you?
Yeah, I accidentally dropped my phone in the toilet.
I see. Well, you have come to the right place. We have over one hundred models of more than twenty leading mobile phone manufacturers.
Sounds good. I don’t want it to be too expensive, maybe something mid-range.
We have this new ETC smart phone.It comes with the Android OS so you can download applications. It also has a built-in camera, mp3 player and touch screen. It works on the 3G network so you have fast access to the internet wherever you are.
What about Wi-fi?
Of course?! You can access the internet from any hotspot as well as from home.
One last thing. Is it waterproof?

We have been over this a hundred times?! We are not getting a pet?!
Why not? Come on?! Just a cute little puppy or a kitty?!
Who is going to look after a dog or a cat?
I will?! I’ll feed it, bathe it and walk it every day?! We can get a Labrador or a German Shepard?!
What if we want to take a vacation? Who will we leave it with? Plus, our apartment is too small for that breed of dog.
Ok. How about we get a cat or a ferret?
We’re planning on having children soon, I don’t think those animals are a good idea with a baby in the house.
Fine?! Let’s get a bird then?! We can keep it in its cage and teach it to talk?! A parrot would be awesome?!
I’ll tell you what, I can get you some hamsters and we’ll take it from there.
Yay?!

Good evening, Mr. Lee and thank you for choosing our airline. We have just discovered that this flight is overbooked. Would you like to volunteer to give up your seat?
Overbooked? Give up my seat? I don’t understand.
From time to time we have a situation in which there are more passengers than there are seats on the aircraft. That’s overbooked.
I know what overbooked is, I just don’t understand how that could happen?
Actually it’s a common practice to overbook, as passengers often don’t take their flight as scheduled. Most of the time there is no problem but today, more passengers arrived than we have seats,
So who has to stay behind?
Well, first we ask for volunteers. If someone like yourself volunteers, they receive a free round trip ticket to be used within one year. If no one volunteers we just have to select someone.
Ok. I’ll volunteer. I could use a free ticket?!

I want to rent this apartment.
I’m glad to hear that. How much are you asking?
You will have to pay $ 1050 every month.
I can’t afford that. What can you afford?
I was thinking $ 800 a month.
I’ll need you to pay more than that. How much more?
How does $ 900 every month sound to you?
I can live with that. We have a deal then.

Good morning, Miss Monica. Nice to meet you again?!
Good morning, Mr. Thomas, it is nice to see you too. After the internal discussion, we have all agreed that you are the most suitable person for this position among all the candidates. So, today let’s talk about your expected salary and social benefits. What is your expected salary?
I’Ve worked in the field for more than 4 years. Depend on my work qualifications and experience, I would like to have 5000 Yuan to start.
The basic salary for your position in our company would be 4800 Yuan to start with increases giving according to your performance.
It is a bit lower than I expected. But I can accept that.
What are the working hours?
40 hours a week, Monday to Friday, 9 AM to 5 PM with one hour lunch break every day..
Do I have to work on weekend? If so, how do you pay for the overtime?
We do expect overtime work when it is necessary, but we pay twice of the work hour for working on weekends and three times for working on national holidays like Spring Festival and the Mid-Autumn Day.
Is there probation?
No probation is involved. If you feel good, you can start next week.

Welcome to the McDonald's. What will it be for you, madam?
One Big Mac and French Fries.
Is there anything else?
Give me one coke, please.
Is this to go or to eat here?
To go, please.
That comes to four dollars and ten cents.
And can I have some ketchup, please?
It's on the service counter over there. Please go to help yourself.

What's the name of this street?
University Street.
Do you know of any banks near here?
You'll see one at the corner on your right.

Hey there, you look a little lost. Are you new here?
Yeah how’d you know?
You can always spot the newbies. I can give you a few pointers if you want. Were you trying to use this machine here?
Yeah?! I just started my training today and I’m not really sure where to begin.
It’s ok, I know how it is. This machine here will work out your upper body, mainly your triceps and biceps. Are you looking to develop strength or muscle tone and definition?
Well, I don’t want to be ripped like you?! I just want a good physique with weights and Carpio.
In that case you want to work with less weight. You can start off by working ten to fifteen reps in four sets. Five kilo weights should be enough. Now it’s very important that you stretch before pumping iron or you might pull a muscle.
Got it?!
Wow is that the weight you are lifting? My goodness that’s a lot of weight?!
It’s not that much. Just watch... I’m ok...

Excuse me.Could you tell me how to return to the Hilton Hotel? I am afraid I lost my way.
Do you have a hotel card or something? Let's see.Yes, I have the address and telephone number here.
Oh, you're staying at the downtown Hilton.Then, you go down two blocks this way and turn left.You' ll find it on the right.
Well, I don't understand it very well.Will you draw me a map?

Excuse me, but could you tell me the way to the railway station?
The railway station? Just go down this street and turn left at the second corner. The station is at the end of that street.
How long will it take me to get there?
It's about a ten-minute walk.
That's very clear. I think I can find my way now. Thank you.
Not at all.

How does the political system work in your country?
We have hundreds of constituencies and the voters in each one elect a member of parliament. Most people call them mp’s.
Each mp belongs to a political party, right?
Almost all of them do. A few are independent. That means that they do not belong to a party.
If one party more than half of the mp’s. they form a government. That means that they choose a prime Finist
What’s a cabinet?
This is a small group of people-perhaps 25 mp’s who are usually ministers. They make all the big decision and discuss laws and policy.
Can any mp make a law?
Any mp can present a law to parliament. The proposed law is debated and voted on. If it is accepted, it becomes law.
I suppose a proposed a law needs the support of the big political parties.
Yes, it does, because they have most of the mp’s. most mp’s vote the way their party wants them to.
How do people choose which party or candidate to vote for?
They produce manifesto. These documents which states their policies. Some people just vote for the same party every time there is an election. Voters who often change the party they vote for are Calle

How was your interview?
Pretty good. The HR manager asked me the usual questions. Then he wondered why I had decided to leave my previous job.
What did you say?
I told him that I hadn’t got a raise for three years. I also told him that one of my best co-workers quitted her job because she had not been promoted for eight years.
Did he want to know the reasons?
Yes. I told him that my boss made some excuses of the recession. But I thought he had a pattern and a record of promoting men only. That’s sex discrimination.
When will you get the reply?
In a couple of days, I was told.
Wish you good luck?!
Thank you.

What qualities do you think a senior executive should possess?
Generally speaking, he needs creativity, the ability to communicate, sense of personal responsibilities, the ability to solve problems and so on.
Do you have all these qualities?
Yes, I have all of them. I am totally competent to be a senior executive.

Hi. I need more amenities, please.
Could you be a little more specific, sir?
Well, to be more specific, the free stuff, like soap, lotion, and shampoo.
I understand. Now, you're saying that you've already used up all your amenities?
Oh, no?! I've got all I need for my stay here.
So, what's the problem?
I need souvenirs?!
You want some souvenirs?!
Yes, yes. Souvenirs.
But, sir, our souvenir shop carries all those items.
That's not the same thing. If you buy hotel souvenirs, they have no sentimental value.
I understand, sir. I'll call housekeeping. You'll have your souvenirs shortly.

Hello, may I help you?
Yes.We' re interested in seeing the rooms for rent.
Oh, how nice.They' re bright rooms and the house is very quiet.
A nice quiet house is exactly what we're looking for.
Well, gentleman.Each room is $ 40 a week if you think that's OK.
That sounds just wonderful to us. When do you want to move in?
How about this afternoon?
Fine. I'll be expecting you around two.

Are you ready to order? May I suggest a veal?
No, I'll have the fish please.
The chicken is also nice.
No, I want the fish.
Our special tonight is lobster.
Thank you, but I prefer the fish.
Perhaps you'd enjoy the lamb.
No, I like the fish.
What ever you say?

Am I ever hungry? When will supper be ready?
It's almost ready. Can you set the table?
All right. Want to taste this dish?
Yeah. Oh, it's delicious?! Really?
Definitely. It's a wonderful meal.
Thank you, Honey. If you like to help me do the dishes, I'll be more dreadful.
I wish I could, but I won't.

Good morning, Kate. Long time no see.
Good morning, Vera, Nice to meet you.
Kate, I know you’Ve been a stewardess for more than one year. And I’ll have an interview on stewardess tomorrow. Can you tell me some etiquette about the interview?
Of course. First you should do up your long hair and do make up but not too thick.
Is there anything else I should pay attention to?
Yes, when you attend the interview, you should pay attention to your manner, style of conversation and expression. You should keep smiling always, being polite when you talk with the interviewer. Don't move from time to time when you sit there. And you also should know how to use eye contact.
Thank you, I've learned so much from you.
That’s all right. Hope you can do better tomorrow.

Can you fix me a cup of tea, Johnny?
Well... uh... how about a glass of juice instead?
No. I'd like tea. Can you put it in my favorite cup? You probably washed it...
Oh, yeah. Well, uh, about your mug... I'll find it...
Where are all the floral pattern plates? And dad's Yankee's mug?

Good morning, sir. May I help you?
Yes, I'd like to settle my bill.
Certainly sir. May I have your room key, please?
Sure. Here you are.
Just a moment, please. I'll draw up your bill for you... Thank you for waiting, sir. Your bill totals two thousand six hundred and fifty-eight yuan, including the phone and laundry.
That much?! Would you mind letting me have a look at it?
Not at all, sir. Here you are.
Thanks. Well, It seems to be right. How much is that in dollars, please?
Just a moment, sir. I'll calculate that for you. It comes to 305 dollars and 52 cents at today's exchange rate.
I see. OK. How would you like to make the payment?
In cash, please.
Here you are.
Thank you, sir... Here is your change. Could you check it, please? Thank you for choosing our hotel. I hope you enjoyed your stay.
By the way, please forward my mail to this address.
Certainly, sir. We hope you have a good trip.

Hi, Sam. I want to buy a pet. Do you have any ideas?
You really should go to Rachel's pet store.
why? anything special there?
it's more than special. You can find as many kinds of animals as you can put a name to and more.
Oh, really? are there any snakes?
snakes? there are even rodents and monkeys?! it's a world of exotic pets.
that's terrific. I can't wait to check it out.
Hang on. are you sure you want to keep a non-traditional pet?
why not? it's so cool.
but it will pose a risk to your health.
pardon?
i mean, most reptiles carry some harmful bacteria. they are likely to cause immune system problems.
well, I didn't realize that. I don't believe it's a good choice to keep those pets, especially for families with young children.
oh, I should have thought of my brother's baby girl. Maybe I'll just have a dog instead of an exotic pet.
yes, good luck, Maria.

I’m a new student. My name’s Robert. Nice to meet you.
My name’s Sophie. Are you French?
Yes, I’m. Are you French, too?
No, I’m not. What nationality are you?
I’m Italian. Are you a teacher?
No, I’m not. What’s your job?
I’m a keyboard operator. What’s your job?
I’m an engineer.

I can’t believe Obama is our President.
I am proud to know that he is our President.
You voted for him, right?
Did you vote for him, because I know that I did.
I did, too. I have nothing but faith in Obama.
Really? I’m sure he will help better America.
We do need some change in this country.
Our country is already changing as it is.
You’re absolutely right. I trust that he will take good care of our country.

Do you have a reservation, sir?
No, I’m afraid we don’t.
I’m sorry the restaurant is full now. You have to wait for about half an hour. Would you like to have a drink at the lounge until there’s a table available.
No, thanks, I’ll come back later. May I reserve a table for two?
Yes, of course. May I have your name, sir?
Bruce
By the way, can we have a table by the window?
we’ll try to arrange it, but I can’t guarantee sir.
That’s fine.
your table's ready, sir? Please step this way.

Do you have coffee shops in China, too?
Yes, of course. There are many tea houses and bars in China, too. People can drink, eat and relax at these places.
You like to go to these places, don’t you?
Yes, sometimes the music there is so beautiful. It is very romantic. I can stay there for hours.
Do you often go there alone?
No, I often go there with my friends.

Hi there?! I am looking for a new car. I have this old Ford Pinto that I would like to trade in.
I see. You are in luck this month because all of our models are on sale?! it is a perfect time to buy a new car since it’s the end of the year.
Perfect?!
I like this one.
That is the Ford Focus. A very light but powerful vehicle. It comes with dual side airbags, power steering and power windows, tinted windows and your choice of either automatic or manual transmission.
Sounds like a good car?! How many miles to the gallon?
It is a very fuel efficient vehicle giving you about 34 miles in the city and 40 on the highway.
That is really convenient. Especially now that fuel prices are so high?!
What’s under the hood?
A very powerful 2.5- liter turbocharged engine, Trust me, this car is fast?!
Now for the most difficult question. What is the price tag for this lovely vehicle?
Very affordable mam. You can take it out of this lot today with 0 % down payment and no interest for the first year?! You can test drive it now and we can sign the papers when we get back.
Great?! Let’s do it?!

I wonder if you could help me, I'm looking for a room.
Well, I have got a vacancy.
What sort of price are you asking?
Eight dolls fifty a week excluding laundry.
Would it be convenient to see the room?
Can you call back later? We're right in the middle of lunch.

Could you give me an expense report? I would like to attach the invoices for my phone bill this season.
Here you are. Do you need glue?
That is very kind of you. I’m just running out of glue.
You’re welcome.

IBA, Jane speaking. How can I help you?
Hello. I'd like to speak to someone regarding my card.
Sorry, I'm not quite sure if I understand. In what way, Sir? Has your card been stolen?
No, no. Nothing at all like that. It's just that I applied for a credit card with you a while ago, my application was accepted, but I'm still waiting for my card.
Oh, I see, Sir. Well, it does take 5 working days to issue and post the card.
Yes, my application was accepted last Friday. Now it's Wednesday, that's more than 5 days.
Sorry, Sir, but it's 5 working days. This does not include weekends, so your card should be with you later this week.
Of course?! How silly of me?! Yes, 5 working days would mean this Friday, at the earliest.
I see. I'm sorry to trouble you.
It's no trouble at all, Sir. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nothing, thanks. I again apologise for the misunderstanding, bye for now.

What can I do for you, sir?
We'd like to order breakfast for tomorrow morning.
Yes, sir. What would you like?
Orange juice, scrambled eggs, bacon, toast and coffee.
OK, and when shall I bring it here?
About seven thirty.By the way, could you also bring me tomorrow's papers?
Of course, sir.

What shall we do when we find a shortage in the shipment?
You should do one of the two things - either to lodge a claim with the shipowner or with the insurance company.
Shall we leave it to the brokers?
Yes. They usually do it. Do they charge for that?
Of course. In Europe, they charge a commission of 1 % of the amount of the claim for their service.
Is it the same in America?
They do the work without charge to the importer. It's part of their service, isn't it?
Exactly. Is it enough to claim with an on board bill of lading?
No, you must also obtain a statement from the shipping agent certifying that the goods were actually loaded on their vessel for shipment.
I see. By the way, how do we prove the ownership of our goods?
You must provide full original set of ocean bills of lading original insurance policy or certificate and the original commercia invoice.
I see. Thank you.
You are welcome.

I'll be on business for a couple of days, could you take care of your sister?
OK, Mum, when will you be back?
I'll be back in ten days.

Passport, please, madam.
Just a minute, please. It's in my bag. Here it is.
Thank you. Please fill out the Baggage Declaration Form.
All right. Shall I enter all my belongings?
No, only the articles listed on the Declaration.

I’m hungry, let’s go grab a bite to eat.
Yeah me too.
Oh?! Can we stop at the shop really fast? I lost my makeup bag at the airport and I want to pick up a few things.
Will you take long?
No?! Five minutes I promise?!
Come on?! We have been here for almost an hour?! I thought you said you were only going to get a few things?! How long does it take you to pick out a lipstick and some nail polish?!
Are you crazy? You have no idea what you are talking about?! Just for my eyes I have to get eye-liner, an eyelash curler, eye shadow, an eyebrow pencil and mascara. Then I need to get foundation, liquid foundation.
Whoa whoa whoa?! Are you nuts? How much is all this going to cost? I’m looking at the price at each one of these little things and it’s outrageous?! This is basically a crayon?!
What about you? You spend as much or more money on your razors, after shave, cologne and gel?! Not to mention how much you spend on clothes and...
Fine?! Get the stupid thirty dollar crayon?!

Can I borrow five bucks?
No?!
Come on?! I'll pay you back on Tuesday.
Last time I lent you money, you never paid me back.
I promise if you lend me five dollars today, I will repay you in full next week.
Ok, but I'm taking your skateboard as collateral.
Fine?! I can't believe you don't trust me.
It's nothing personal, just business.

May I help you, sir?
Yes, please. I'm looking for a cotton polo shirt.
Any particular colour?
Not really. How about this one?
I like the design, but don't particularly care for the colour. Do you have that in other colours, too?
Well, they come in white, pale yellow, aqua, red and green. Will a white one do?
Yes. I prefer white - and may I see a pale yellow one, too?
Why, of course. Let's see... White... Pale yellow. Here you are, sir.

I’m so surprised to meet you in this remote village. Long time no see.
Yeah. How are you these days?

You look terrific and in good shape.
Thank you. How do you keep fit?
I do yoga twice a weeks
Yoga? It sounds interesting.
It was hard at the beginning, but now feel it's really relaxing. It makes me flexible.
Anything else?
Yes, I often go swimming. Are you interested in swimming?
Yes, I like it very much.

Are you going home now?
No, I'm not. What are you going to do? Are you going to work late?
No, I'm not. I'm going to look for an apartment.
An apartment? Why?
I'm going to try to find a place near the office.
Where are you living now?
Out in the suburbs. It's a long trip to work every day.
How are you going to find an apartment?
I'm going to buy a newspaper and check the classified ads.
Apartments in the city are expensive.
I know, but I'm going to enroll in a night school to take a course in business management.

no, no, you helped me with my computer last week. I want to repay the favor.
no, it's definitely my turn to treat you... you paid last time?!
oh, that was just a quick bite to eat---that doesn't count?!
ok, ok, how about we just go Dutch?
It's settled.
Listen, I'm still pretty new around here, would it be alright if you found the restaurant?
ok... sure.

I am waiting for a fax but just now I found there’s something wrong with the fax machine.
What’s wrong with the fax machine? Is it urgent?
Yes, very urgent. And there is no other fax machine around. And the office of our boss is closed, so I can not use his machine either. And his secretary is out. Do you have any suggestion?
Either call this extension number 0085 or ask them to send the fax to you as e-mail, you print it out.

Hey, Jim. It's time to wake up and get out of bed.
Do I have to get up now?
You'd better get up, or you'll be late.
What're you talking about? My alarm even hasn't gone off yet.
Yes, it did. It went off thirty minutes ago. You slept right through it. You're like a dead person while you sleep.
I must have slept right through it.
Rise and shine?! Sleepyhead?!
Just let me sleep five more minutes.
The early bird gets the worm.
I know, I know. But I don't want any worms. Ha?! Ha?!
If you don't make an effort now, later on it'll be a lot tougher for you.

What shall we do tonight?
How about the cinema?
That's a good idea. We haven't seen a film for ages. What would you like to see?
Oh I don't know. Titanic?
Titanic? That old film? but I've seen it before?!

I’Ve been told you might have a vacant room.
Yes. I have a spare room.
How much are you asking?
10.00 dollars a night.
Could I see the room, please?
Sure.Come on in.

Sit down, please. What's wrong with you?
I feel cold, and I'm shivering. I have a terrible headache and a sore throat.
How long have you been like that?
About a day.
Let me have a look at your throat first. Please open your mouth and say " ah ".
Ah... And show me your tongue... Thank you. That'll do. You have slight tonsillitis, and your throat is inflamed. How is your appetite?
Not so good. Now, let me take your temperature. Please put this thermometer under your armpit and let me feel your pulse? Your pulse is weak.
Do I have a temperature, doctor?
Yes, you have a high fever. I'd like to give you a blood test.

Yikes?! What was that noise?
I had to blow my nose.
Did you have to blow right next to the phone? Did you hear that?
Of course I heard that. I thought a plane had crashed into your house.
It wasn't that loud.
I will blow my nose sometime for you, and you'll see.
Okay. I'll take your word for it. I thought you had an elephant in your house.
You're funny.
What did you say? I think I've gone deaf.
I'm going into the bathroom to blow my nose. I'll be right back.

Can I have the check please?
Right away, sir.
Is this amount correct?
Yes, sir, it is.
Thank you, the service was good
Please come again.

Nowadays fewer and fewer people go to the movie theaters to see films. So I am afraid that the film studios are really getting hard time to survive.
What you said is true. But the film producers there are more flexible ways to get more audience. For example, to make more movie Ccds, so people will spend money buying them. But it is true that cinemas are losing the attraction they used to have in the past.
Yes. Take myself for example. I seldom go to cinemas, but it doesn't mean I no longer see films ; instead, I see films at home-watching Ccds.

Okay, well I’m sure you have a number of questions to ask me regarding the position.
Yes, well Miss Childs did give mean overview of the position over the phone, but there were some details I’d like to clarify.
Well feel free to ask me anything, and I’ll try to fill in the details. Could I first ask about the remuneration package?
Yes, of course. That’s quite an important point, isn’t it? As a junior sub editor we offer a starting salary of 150,000 HK dollars per annum. This doesn’t include a generous housing allowance also.
I understand. And are there other bonuses included?
Well, apart from full health insurance we do offer a company staff bonus scheme linked to readership numbers. But we could go through all the details of that at a later date.
Well, Mr. Parsons, I am flexible when it comes to salary. The opportunity to work in Hong Kong for you is the most important thing for me.
Excellent. Well, what other questions do you have Rebecca?

We need to take the accounts system offline to carry out the upgrade. But don't worry, it won't cause too much inconvenience. We're going to do it over the weekend.
How long will the system be down for?
We'll be taking everything offline in about two hours' time. It'll be down for a minimum of twelve hours. If everything goes according to plan, it should be up again by 6 pm on Saturday.
That's fine. We've allowed forty-eight hours to be on the safe side.

Welcome to IBA. Can I help you?
Yes, please. I'm here for an International Settlement. Our company has to effect payment, and it needs to be done today. Here's the advice slip for the payment.
Thanks. I'm sorry to say that you need to get this stamped. There is no stamp on this slip and it is essential before I can process it for you.
I see. So, I need to stamp it. And sign it too?
Yes, that's right. Down here, at the bottom right hand corner to show that you agree to pay the printed amount.
I'll go back to the office and get it sorted and pop back later.
Thanks, bye for now.

That's the warehouse where the large items of office equipment are stored. If I ordered a desk today, how would it be before I got delivery in Scotland?
Well, I think perhaps you'd better speak to our Production Manager, Mr. Yao. You'll meet him when we go over to the factory.

Excuse me. I have just missed the connection plane due to the heavy fog in London. Can I change my ticket now?
Please Show your ticket and passport.
Here you are.
Which flight do you want to change?
The next one to my destination. I have to be there as soon as possible.

Hi, can I speak with the apartment manager, please?
Hello, this is the apartment manager speaking.
I'm calling about the apartment for rent on Main Street.
Would you be interested in seeing the apartment?
I would love to see it.
Are you free today at around 6 p. m.?
Yes, I will be able to make it then.
Well, I'll see you at 6 p. m. Do you know how to get there?
I used to live in that area.
I'll give you an application form when I see you.
That sounds good. Do I need to bring anything?
No. Just bring yourself.

Good afternoon. Welcome to China. May I see your passport, customs and health declaration form?
Yes, here you are.
Thank you. W hat's your occupation, Mr. Smith?
I'm the general manager of the Far-East Industry Corporation. You are here on business, aren't you?
Yes, I have been invited by the East Import
I see. Do you have anything to declare?
Yes, I have some foreign currency to declare.
Would you please fill out this currency declaration form? It's a record of the foreign currency you have brought in.
All right.

How much does it cost for a bus pass?
It'll be $ 65 for a monthly pass.
Is there anything cheaper than that?
If you're in school, you can get a student pass.
Well, I am how much will that cost?
The pass is free.
I don't have to pay for anything?
You'll only have to pay for the monthly sticker.
How much is the monthly sticker?
It's $ 24 for each month.
I'll take the student bus pass.
Okay, I'll get you one.

I see there are some workmen on the site. When is the building work due to start?
Well, it'll take three weeks to demolish the old building and clear away the debris. We should be ready to start the construction work in week 23.
How long will the sub contractors be on site?
About ten weeks in total if everything goes according to plan.
I'm sure it will.
So, we should be able to start moving the machinery in during week 34.
I'll confirm that date with our suppliers.

Andrew's Hair Salon, this is Andrew.
Andrew, this is Linda Chen.
Hi Linda, what can I do for you?
I need to set up an appointment to get my hair fixed.
For what day?
Tuesday morning.

Have you bought a bus pass yet?
I'm not getting one.
Why is that?
It's cheaper if I don't buy one.
Buying a bus pass will save you money. How do you figure that?
There's no limit to how often you can use your bus pass.
Really? Plus, you don't have to use change for the bus anymore.
I like that.
You want to buy one now?
I'm going to.

Are you ready to order, sir?
Yes, I would like a roast duck and my friend wants steaks.
How do you like your steaks?
I'd like it medium-well.
OK, sir, wait a minute.

Hello, I want to know how much it costs to have a manicure and pedicure.
Usually it's 60 dollars for a manicure, and 80 dollars for a pedicure. But with this special discount, the total for both is only one hundred and 20 dollars, and you can get them painted.
That's nice. I'd like to give it a try. I think I like passion red. please.
Alright.Do you want your cuticles cut, too?
No. Would you like the shapes square or round?
Square. But with round at the edges, please.
All right, it's done. Please follow me to the drying section. How long will it take to get them dry?
Ten or about five minutes. You'll be all set.
I see, thank you.

Hello, this is Lucy. May I speak to Mr. Smith?
Oh, hello, Lucy. What's up?
I'm afraid I can't come to work today, Mr. Smith.
Oh, what's wrong with you?
I've got a fever and a very sore throat.
Well, you sound ill over the phone.
Yes. I have to stay in bed today, but I'll be able to come tomorrow.
That's all right. Have a good rest until you feel well enough.
Thank you, Mr. Smith. Goodbye.
Goodbye, Lucy.

Waiter, we have been waiting for 20 minutes. Would you mind hurrying?
I am sorry, sir, the fish you ordered will take a longer time because we make it with fresh fish.
That's fine. Would you please bring me some wine?
Sure, is dry white wine OK?
Yes.
Thank you.

Hi Bob, I won't be in work tomorrow.
Why, what's the problem?
I have a dentist appointment.
Okay.

I've come about your wools. According to our market survey, wools are likely to find a ready market in our country.
Wonderful?! We can meet your requirements and the offer is ready for you. Here it is. The unit price is USD 15.00 per kilogram.
Do you quote CIF or FOB?
It's FOB Shanghai. Could you quote the price of CIF Hamburg?
Certainly, that's easy. We will work out our CIF offer this evening. Could you come again tomorrow, say, at 10 AM?
Okay, see you tomorrow?!

Hi?! Do you want a fill-up?
Yes, please. Which type of gas do you want? Regular, Super, or Premium Unleaded?
What's the price difference?
Regular is $ 1.15, Super is $ 1.25 and Premium is $ 1.39.
Just fill it up with Regular, Unleaded, please. Do you want me to check the tires and the fluids?
Yes, I would. Thanks a lot.

Is your father in the habit of having naps?
Yes, all of us have naps.
Don't you feel dizzy when you have to get up?
No, not at all.

Excuse me. I need some storybooks in easy English. Do you have anything likethat?
Well, there are a lot of storybooks upstairs in our children's section. Some are written for young children, others for teens. Maybe some of them will suit your needs.
I'll go take a look. Thanks for your help.
You're welcome.

Good morning. I need to speak with the property manager, please.
Good morning. You are speaking to the property manager.
While it was raining last night, water started leaking in from the ceiling.
Was it leaking in the bedroom?
It was in the living room.
Can you tell me which floor you are on?
We are on the bottom floor.
I would like to look at the leak. Will you be home this morning?
Yes, someone will be here to let you in.
Just in case you have to leave, we will just use the master key.

How much is your last salary?
I have earned 10,000 a year including bonuses.
How much do you want us to pay you?
I like to be paid more than that. Hopefully, 150,000 a year.
To be honest, I left the company to get more income.

I hope you can help. I've got a bit of a problem with your ATM.
Of course, that's my job. Oh, dear. What's happened?
Well, it's eaten my card?! It won't give it back?!
I see... calm down, don't worry. May I ask what were you doing when it took your card?
Yes. I was only entering my PIN. I'm terrible at remembering it, I'm so forgetful, you see.
Mmmm... and exactly how many times did you enter it, please?
Maybe three times. As I said, I always forget it.
Ah?! Don't worry ; it's just a security measure. If someone uses a card and cannot get the right PIN after three attempts, the bank keeps the card in case it's stolen. Just contact the bank and we'll get it back to you.
Oh, I see. So if I call my branch they can sort everything out for me?
Yes, they'll be happy to help. Believe me, it happens to many people.
I'd better try harder to memorise my PIN in future. Thanks.

Is this the counter to pick up parcels?
Yes, it is. I want to pick up my parcels.
Please show me your parcel order.
OK. Here you are.
Let me check your parcel number. Song Ping's parcel number should be CP 06230221 5 CN.
Here is your parcel.
Thank you.
Not at all.

Hi Brittany. What are you doing with all of your clothes on your bed?
I'm trying to decide what to wear to school the first day.
Oh, A. Mom didn't tell you?
Didn't tell me what?
What? This Bs' school you're going to is going to make your life easy.
What are you talking about brother? Spill it.
Uniforms, sis, no more worrying about appearances?!
You mean I have to wear the same thing every day?
MOM?!

What would you like for your main dish?
Steak, please.
How would you like it?
Medium rare, please.
Anything else, sir? May I have a glass of red wine, please?
Of course.

Mr. Smith, do you like the hotel we booked?
Yes, we do. We like it very much.
I've come to make sure that your stay in Beijing is a pleasant one.
Thank you so much.

David, we have been doing business for three years, haven't we?
Yes, I'm glad we've had very pleasant cooperation in the previous years.
And your achievement for promoting our clothes was great in the three years. So, I wish to apply for the sole agency of your product in our local market. If you give us the agency, that will be more substantial for our cooperation.
To be frank, you are not the only one who applies for an agent for us in your country. I'd like to know some ideas of terms on which you would be willing to operate as our agent.
As we are a well-established company, we are very familiar with the customers' needs. Besides, we can make full use of our good connections with the wholesalers and retailers here and develop a good market for your products if appointed as your agent.
Sounds reasonable. I will tell my boss about you agent application. Another question, what do you think is the minimum annual sales you can guarantee?
To be on the safe side, and for garment of all materials, sizes, and styles, I think the amount will be 50,000 pieces a year.
Well. As our sole agency, you will neither handle the same or similar products of other origins nor re-export our goods to any other area outside your own.
No, certainly not.

Excuse me. I bought this circulator here yesterday but it doesn't work.
Oh, let's see what's wrong.

Where can I find the produce?
Aisle A is where you'll find all the produce.
What sales do they have today?
I'm sure something is on sale. Please check with the produce person.

Hello, this is Steven from Blue Sky Co. May I speak to Mr. James?
Speaking.
Excuse my troubling you. You purchased our products last year and now I am following up to find out about their workings. Are they still in good condition now?
Yeah, exactly?! I bought them last year. En... at present, they are still in good state.
That's it?! All of them have first-class quality and performance. Besides, we adopt advanced technology. Now we have developed new products. They are much better than what you have bought.
Your company is developing so fast. Maybe later on I will plan to buy more.
That's great?! Thanks for your support. If any, please remember to call us.
I am afraid I have to say goodbye now?!
Bye, Mr. James?!
Bye?!

Ms.Dawson, I need you to take a dictation for me.
Yes, sir... This should go out as an intra-office memorandum to all employees by this afternoon.Are you ready?
Yes, sir.Go ahead.
Attention all staff... Effective immediately, all office communications are restricted to email correspondence and official memos.The use of Instant Message programs by employees during working hours is strictly prohibited.
Sir, does this apply to intra-office communications only? Or will it also restrict external communications?
It should apply to all communications, not only in this office between employees, but also any outside communications.
But sir, many employees use Instant Messaging to communicate with their clients.
They will just have to change their communication methods. I don't want any - one using Instant Messaging in this office.It wastes too much time?! Now, please continue with the memo.Where were we?
This applies to internal and external communications.
Yes.Any employee who persists in using Instant Messaging will first receive a warning and be placed on probation.At second offense, the employee will face termination.Any questions regarding this new policy may be directed to department heads. Is that all?
Yes.Please get this memo typed up and distributed to all employees before 4 pm.

Do you have everything?
Let's see... my ID card, my passport, and my suitcase. I'm pretty sure I've got everything.

This is Dunlin. Is this Mrs Smith speaking?
Yes, what can I do for you?
I just want to call and say thank you for letting me interview yesterday.
You are welcome, Mr. Sun.
And I also want to know what the status is of the position.
Sorry, we haven't made the decision at all. But we should be making the decision by the end of this week. And we'll get in touch with you once we make it.
Do you have any questions we didn't cover in the interview?
No. Thank you, I am looking forward to hearing from you. Bye-bye.
Thank you for the calling. Bye-bye.

I often sneeze after having a bad itch inside my nose. Sometimes this is accompanied by an itching throat.
Any other discomfort?
Yes. Sometimes I can notice a constriction in the chest and shortness of breath after a fit of sneezing. And I often suffer from a running nose with a profuse watery discharge.
Does it occur seasonally or all year round?
It has been seasonal during these past three years.
Are you sensitive to other things?
Yes, things like seafood and penicillin-type drugs.
OK. Let me examine your nose. According to your case history and the examination, I believe that it's allergic rhinitis.
What useful treatment can you offer?
I'll give you a series of specific skin tests. Then we'll know exactly what substances you're allergic to. Then I'll give you some causes of desensitization therapy.

Miss, would you like to try this free sample of our new suntan cream?
Sure, why not?
This is a new product of company this year. It's oil-free.
I see. It feels very light on the skin.
It gives your skin a very natural healthy look. I like the cool smell, too.

So how can I make it?
First you make a list of what you wanna buy...
But I’Ve gotta have the budge before anything else.
Well, that’s a problem, isn’t it?

Did you have a part-time job when you were still in school?
No, I was way too busy studying all the time. How about you?
Yeah, I worked about twenty hours a week in a pizza restaurant.
What was that like?
It was always very busy there. What did you do?
I stood behind the register and took pizza orders.
Did you get any perks on the job?
Yeah, I got to eat as much pizza as I could for free.

Okay. I'd like to change some euro into US dollars, please.
Sure. How much would you like to change?
Six hundred euro.
Very good. May I see your passport?
Here you are.
How would you like your bills?
In fifties please.

Why are you reading the classifieds? What do you need?
I'm looking for a bookcase, but I don't want to buy a new one.
Are you having any luck?
Not really. There aren't any used bookcases listed. But there are a few rummage sales on Saturday. I think I'll go to them.
Do you mind if I go with you?
Not at all. These private sales are great places to bargain. And sometimes you can find terrific things among all the junk.
I learned to negotiate from my mother. I thought I was pretty good at bargaining, but I had a problem the other day at Kimble's Department Store.
What happened?
I wanted to buy a beautiful wool sweater for my girlfriend. It was priced at forty dollars, so I started by offering the salesclerk thirty.

Do you do a lot of your shopping online?
Not really. I like looking on the internet at what’s available, but I usually prefer to actually see and touch what I’m buying before I pay for it. Sometimes, I’ll look at something in a shop, but lat No. I’m a little worried about security. You never know who’s trying to find out your codes and passwords. Aren’t you worry about that?
Not really. I know that it happens, but if you buy from reputable companies with secure websites, you should be ok.
Even though I use online shopping facilities, I don’t think it’s the best way to sho
I’m surprised to hear you say that. I thought you loved anything technological.
I do. I’m a big fan of using new technology, but I don’t want to sit in front of a computer screen all day. I think people need to get out and interact with other people. So, how about coming to the department store with me? I want to see if there are any new summer clothes on sale yet.
Sure. I’d love to join you. Can we stop by the computer store? I just want to see if they have something.
Sure. While you’re in the computer store. I will visit the book store opposite. I like to browse through their books and see if they have anything interesting.
Ok. I’Ve finished online. Let’s go.
I’ll just get some money and my credit card.
Thanks for reminding me. I had forgotten to get mine.

Please help yourself at your dishes. I hope you’ll enjoy what you’Ve got.
It suits my taste. You are really a good cook.
Would you like to try my special recipe?
Wow, let me try. It tastes nice.
How did you make it?
It’s as easy as pie. I always follow recipes.

Mr. Dick. Does the recommendation of the university play an important role?
Yes. In fact, the recommendation letter written by the university is an indirect self-recommendation. In the long period of cooperation, the university has established good relationship with the companies or organizations, they trust each other well. If your university recommends you, you can be approved more easily.
But I find that most of the recommendation letters written by universities are the same. So I doubt its authority.
More and more persons have the same discoveries since most universities do that in order to save energy. If your university also does like this, you can look for other methods, because such kinds of recommendations say nothing for you. Could you tell me whether or not I send out my resume with it?
It depends. If it has something special or useful, I suggest you send it out.

Taylor, can you tell me how to apply for a job on the Internet?
Just fill out an application. Do I have to send an E-mail?
You are expected to know the E-mail address of the unit.
But I still don't know which unit is in need of staff. Send out an application through Job-wanted on the website.
Can any unit see my information?
It's a two-way choice. And your application will be read.
Which websites offer this service?
Sina, 21st Century Talent Net, and a few others.
Thank you.

Don’t throw your weight around. I can’t bear you any more.
I dare you to say that again.

Were you a leader when you were in college?
Yes. I was Propaganda department minister of our university.
Did you get any honors or awards at your university?
No. It’s a pity about it.
Were you involved in any club activities at your university?
Yes. I was a member of the basketball Society. I like playing basketball.
What extracurricular activities did you usually take part in at your college?
I sometimes played basketball and sometimes played football.

You want to argue your ticket today?
Yes. That is why I'm here.
Tell me your argument.
I was pulled over for allegedly speeding.
Are you sure you weren't speeding?
To be honest, I really wasn't.
What speed were you going?
I was under the speed limit. I was going 35, when the speed limit was 40.
I'm just going to let you go, since the arresting officer isn't here.
What about my ticket? Do I still need to pay?
Don't worry about it.
I'm so glad for your help.

Annie, do you like shopping online?
Yes, I like it, because it's convenient. Last week, I tried to buy a new cellphone online, but I didn't know how to pay for it.
First, you should open an account at the online bank. After that, you can buy anything you want online.
Are there many things online?
Sure. You can find everything all over the world. Let's check it out online?!
( They log in a shopping website. ) That's amazing. Oh, an on line virtual supermarket? Let's click to check it out. Oh, I got it. It simulates the real supermarket, which makes it feel so real.
Mom will love it. She loves shopping in supermarkets.

Ah, Bob. Just the person I wanted to see.
So what is it?
You gotta help me out this time, buddy.
Another tough thing, I guess.

Hey?! What happened??! My song was only half way through and it skipped to the next song.
I don't know what happened?! You cancelled the song, didn't you, Jack?
No, I didn't.
Really?! Then, is the machine broken or...

Good evening, Do you have a reservation?
Yes. The reservation under Mr. Watson.
Ah, yes, a table for four at 8 Em, no, thanks. I think we'll go straight to the table, By the way. may I check my overcoat here?
Certainly, sir. We'll keep it in the cloakroom for you. Here is your number. When you leave, show it to the waiter behind the counter, please.
Thank you. Could you show us to our table now? Would you please follow me, please?
Thank you. This is your table. It's Number 10.

Hello, ma’am. Can I help you? I’m looking for a sweater.
What size are you looking for?
Well, I’m looking for size 10 but you don’t have it.
How about this one? I think it looks terrific on you.
Yes, I like the color. Can I try it on?
Sure. The fitting room is on your right.
It fits well. I like it a lot. What do you think?
You look pretty in red.
Oh, it’s my favorite. How much is it?
$ 29.99.
Okay. I’ll take it. Thank you very much for your help.
You’re welcome.

Do you have any cars available?
We have only one mid-size car left.
Great, what's the rate per day?
It's 40 $ plus tax per day on limited mileage.
I'm going to need it for three days. Can I see your driver's license?
Sure, here is my driver's license.
Please sign here.

Are you ready to order? I think that we have a pretty good idea of what we would like to order.
Let me tell you about the specials of the day, which are chicken in a wine sauce with capers, and grilled garlic shrimp.
I was wondering if the chef could leave off the sauce.
The chef would be happy to accommodate your special requests.
I am a vegetarian. Do you have any vegetarian selections?
You could choose the roasted vegetable and garlic pizza or the goat cheese and candied walnut salad.
I think that we will split the roasted vegetable and garlic pizza.
That is a good selection, and I can bring your salads now or serve them with your entree.
You can bring us our salads when you bring us our entree.

I can't open this email attachment our Paris office has sent me. Are you sure you're using the right program?
Well, yes it's definitely the same program but I might have the wrong version. Their system is newer than ours.
That's why you can't open it. You'll have to upgrade before you can read the file.

What kind of character do you think you have?
Generally speaking, l am an open-minded person.
What is your strongest trait?
Cheerfulness and friendliness.
How would your friends or colleagues describe you?
They say Mr. Sun is a friendly, sensitive, caring and determined person.
What personality do you admire?
I admire a person who is honest, flexible and easy-going.
How do you get along with others?
I get on well with others.

Hi, I need to make an appointment to see the doctor.
What seems to be the problem?
I have a rash that I need a doctor to look at.
Do you have a fever with that rash?
No, it just itches a lot.
I have openings on Tuesday or Wednesday. Which would be best for you?
I need an appointment on Tuesday.
Fine, I am putting you down for 9
I would like to see Dr. Jones.
I can schedule you with him with no problem.
We look forward to seeing you.

Wow?! What's the hold up?
It’s probably just people trying to get an early start out of the city for the weekend. Nobody sticks around in the summer.
Really? Then, I guess I won’t have a hard time finding a room or getting a cab?
Actually, you might because there’s a big convention in town this weekend.
I’m not too worried about it. I always seem to find something.

Hello, how can I help you today?
I'd like to withdraw some money from my account.
Please fill out this slip stating how much you wish to withdraw.
Well, actually, it's quite a substantial amount. Here's my Bank Book. Will that cause a problem?
On your account there is no limit to over the counter withdrawals, it won't cause a problem.
Here's your money, 10,000 RIB. Please count it before you leave.
Yes, that seems to be all in order. Thanks very much.

Quality is very important to us. We work to very low tolerance levels. We need to have guaranteed supplies of consistently high quality raw materials. Over the years we've built up very good relationships with our suppliers.
Do you have many different suppliers?
Yes. There are about fifty names on our approved supplier list, but for raw materials we tend to deal with three local companies.

Mary, can you tell me how you keep in shape?
You'll never be in shape until you eat less and take more exercise. Now, tell me what you often eat.
I often eat fish and eggs. Do you eat a lot of vegetables?
Oh yes, and fruits. I love fruits very much.
What do you like to drink?
Well, I never drink alcohol, coffee or tea. Whatever would you like to drink?
I drink a lot of milk. I drink milk almost every day. How often do you exercise?
Well, I walk every day. It's a good diet and a regular exercise.
Yes, quite right.

I am sorry, but I cannot stay for the rest of class today.
Why do you need to leave early?
I don’t feel so good. What doesn’t feel right?
I feel as if I am going to be sick to my stomach.
Perhaps you should get checked out at the Student Health Center before you go home.
I have some medicine at home that I could take.
Are you going to be OK to drive home, or would you like someone to go with you?
Thank you, but my friend is in the library, and he can give me a ride home.
We hope that you are feeling better soon. E-mail me if you have any questions.

Your boyfriend is so considerate to you. When do you plan to marry?
It’s still up in the air. There is something wrong between us.

We're considering of ordering 200 computers, but I'm wondering about the price you'll possibly offer.
Our price will be not less than $ 5000.
Your price is higher than I expected. Could you give us a little discount?
This is already our best price. But the price is always negotiable and you should consider our quantity of order.
Well, what would you suggest? Could you make it $ 4500?
I'm afraid that there is no room to negotiate the price. This is the best price we can quote.
Can we meet each other half way?
What do you mean? Let's close the deal at $ 4800, OK?
You drive a hard bargain?! OK, that's a deal.

I'm now on the Songshan airport getting ready for departure. I realized that I might have left my watch.
Yes, Ma'am. May I have your name and room number?
My name is Terry. I stayed last night in your hotel in room 132. What kind of watch is it?
It's a brand-new Seiko wrist watch.
Yes, we have it.
Oh, I'm glad to hear that. Would you kindly send it to the Hilton Hotel?

What are your thoughts on the apartment?
I think that it’s absolutely gorgeous.
There aren’t any problems with the apartment?
I think that the apartment looks very nice, but I do see some problems.
What problems?
I did notice a few stains in the carpet.
We will have the carpet cleaned before you move in.
You will?
Yes, but other than that, are there any more problems?
That was the only thing that I saw that was wrong with the apartment.
I’m happy that you find this apartment so appealing.
It is. I love it.

That China-gown of Tang-Dynasty style is so beautiful. Would you show it to me, please?
Absolutely. Here it is.
Could I try it on?
Please do, the fitting-room is over there.
It feels a little tight around the waist. Do you have a bigger one?
I'm sorry. We don't have this color in your size. We have some green ones in your size. Would you please have a look at this green one?
OK. How much does it cost?
It's 486 yuan.
Mmm, it is reasonable.

Mrs. Wang, would you give us an idea of the price you regard as workable?
As I said before, your price is so high that we find it difficult to make a bid. We hope you will take the initiative and bridge the gap.
Just to comply, we're ready to reduce the price by 5 percent. I hope this concession of ours will get the ball rolling.
So do we. Certainly it's a step forward on your side. But the gap is still too wide.
The ball is in your court, Mrs.Wang. What price would you suggest?
To make your offer workable, I think you should take another step down as big as the one you've just taken.
That won't do. You see, our profit margin is very narrow. It simply can't stand such a big cut.
I hate to disappoint you, Mr. Brown, but if that's the case, we have no alternative but to cover our requirements elsewhere.
Do think it over, please. We sincerely hope our discussion will come to a successful conclusion.
Well, I'm not authorized to agree to such a big reduction. Would you mind waiting a day or two, until I get a reply from the home office?
Not at all. Shall we meet again, say, on Friday morning?
Good. Friday morning at 9.

Good morning. Good morning.This is Mary.Can I speak to Anne please?
I’m sorry She isn’t in at the moment. She will come back at half past nineCan I take a message for her?
Thank you.But I will call her later
OK.Goodbye.
Goodbye.

Hi, Jane. How are you doing this morning?
I’m all right, thanks. Just a little tired.
Late night?
Yeah, I got home around two.

We've been waiting here for nearly ten minutes now, and there still isn't a bus in sight. I'm afraid we'll be late for the party. Have you got the time, Tom?
Yes, my watch says a quarter to seven. but there is something wrong with my watch?!
But you bought it only last month.
Yes, but ever since I bought it, it gains about five minutes a day, so I' Ve got to have it repaired.
How long will it take us to get there?
I think about ten minutes by bus.
It's not far away, then. Let's walk, it's beginning to rain.
Wait?! I think I see a bus coming now.
Let's hope it's the No. 22 bus.

Hi, Mr. Smith. I'm Doctor Hawkins. Why are you here today?
I found it would be a good idea to get a check-up.
Yes, well, you haven't had one for 5 years. You should have one every year.
I know. I figure as long as there is nothing wrong, why go see the doctor?
Well, the best way to avoid serious illnesses is to find out about them early. So try to come at least once a year for your own good.
Ok. Let me see here. Your eyes and ears look fine. Take a deep breath, please. Do you smoke, Mr. Smith?
Yes.
Smoking is the leading cause of lung cancer and heart disease, you know. You really should quit.
I've tried hundreds of times, but I just can't seem to kick the habit.
Well, we have classes and some medications that might help. I'll give you more information before you leave.
Ok, thanks doctor.

Good afternoon. Mr. Tylor's office?
I'm afraid you've got the wrong extension.
I'm sorry, but could you please transfer this call to Mr. Tylor's office?
Sure, please hold on.
Thank you. Now Mr. Tylor's on the line. Go ahead, please.
You are so kind, you helped me a lot.
You are welcome. Bye?!

Good afternoon, Lexington Software. Angelina Dawson, how can I help?
Hello, this is Quinn from IBA.
Ah, hello Quinn. Oh dear, you are calling to tell me there is a problem, aren't you?
I'm afraid so, yes.
Hmm... well, it was my first attempt?! Is it a very big mistake, or can we just alter it?
Unfortunately it's rather a big mistake.
What do you recommend we do?
I would recommend we scrap this one and you bring in another set as soon as possible.
I trust your judgement. Thank you. W hat's your occupation, Mr. Smith?
I'm the general manager of the Far-East Industry Corporation. You are here on business, aren't you?
Yes, I have been invited by the East Import
I see. Do you have anything to declare?
Yes, I have some foreign currency to declare.
Would you please fill out this currency declaration form? It's a record of the foreign currency you have brought in.
All right.

How much does it cost for a bus pass?
It'll be $ 65 for a monthly pass.
Is there anything cheaper than that?
If you're in school, you can get a student pass.
Well, I am how much will that cost?
The pass is free.
I don't have to pay for anything?
You'll only have to pay for the monthly sticker.
How much is the monthly sticker?
It's $ 24 for each month.
I'll take the student bus pass.
Okay, I'll get you one.

I see there are some workmen on the site. When is the building work due to start?
Well, it'll take three weeks to demolish the old building and clear away the debris. We should be ready to start the construction work in week 23.
How long will the sub contractors be on site?
About ten weeks in total if everything goes according to plan.
I'm sure it will.
So, we should be able to start moving the machinery in during week 34.
I'll confirm that date with our suppliers.

Andrew's Hair Salon, this is Andrew.
Andrew, this is Linda Chen.
Hi Linda, what can I do for you?
I need to set up an appointment to get my hair fixed.
For what day?
Tuesday morning.

Have you bought a bus pass yet?
I'm not getting one.
Why is that?
It's cheaper if I don't buy one.
Buying a bus pass will save you money. How do you figure that?
There's no limit to how often you can use your bus pass.
Really? Plus, you don't have to use change for the bus anymore.
I like that.
You want to buy one now?
I'm going to.

Are you ready to order, sir?
Yes, I would like a roast duck and my friend wants steaks.
How do you like your steaks?
I'd like it medium-well.
OK, sir, wait a minute.

Hello, I want to know how much it costs to have a manicure and pedicure.
Usually it's 60 dollars for a manicure, and 80 dollars for a pedicure. But with this special discount, the total for both is only one hundred and 20 dollars, and you can get them painted.
That's nice. I'd like to give it a try. I think I like passion red. please.
Alright.Do you want your cuticles cut, too?
No. Would you like the shapes square or round?
Square. But with round at the edges, please.
All right, it's done. Please follow me to the drying section. How long will it take to get them dry?
Ten or about five minutes. You'll be all set.
I see, thank you.

Hello, this is Lucy. May I speak to Mr. Smith?
Oh, hello, Lucy. What's up?
I'm afraid I can't come to work today, Mr. Smith.
Oh, what's wrong with you?
I've got a fever and a very sore throat.
Well, you sound ill over the phone.
Yes. I have to stay in bed today, but I'll be able to come tomorrow.
That's all right. Have a good rest until you feel well enough.
Thank you, Mr. Smith. Goodbye.
Goodbye, Lucy.

Waiter, we have been waiting for 20 minutes. Would you mind hurrying?
I am sorry, sir, the fish you ordered will take a longer time because we make it with fresh fish.
That's fine. Would you please bring me some wine?
Sure, is dry white wine OK?
Yes.
Thank you.

Hi Bob, I won't be in work tomorrow.
Why, what's the problem?
I have a dentist appointment.
Okay.

I've come about your wools. According to our market survey, wools are likely to find a ready market in our country.
Wonderful?! We can meet your requirements and the offer is ready for you. Here it is. The unit price is USD 15.00 per kilogram.
Do you quote CIF or FOB?
It's FOB Shanghai. Could you quote the price of CIF Hamburg?
Certainly, that's easy. We will work out our CIF offer this evening. Could you come again tomorrow, say, at 10 AM?
Okay, see you tomorrow?!

Hi?! Do you want a fill-up?
Yes, please. Which type of gas do you want? Regular, Super, or Premium Unleaded?
What's the price difference?
Regular is $ 1.15, Super is $ 1.25 and Premium is $ 1.39.
Just fill it up with Regular, Unleaded, please. Do you want me to check the tires and the fluids?
Yes, I would. Thanks a lot.

Is your father in the habit of having naps?
Yes, all of us have naps.
Don't you feel dizzy when you have to get up?
No, not at all.

Excuse me. I need some storybooks in easy English. Do you have anything likethat?
Well, there are a lot of storybooks upstairs in our children's section. Some are written for young children, others for teens. Maybe some of them will suit your needs.
I'll go take a look. Thanks for your help.
You're welcome.

Good morning. I need to speak with the property manager, please.
Good morning. You are speaking to the property manager.
While it was raining last night, water started leaking in from the ceiling.
Was it leaking in the bedroom?
It was in the living room.
Can you tell me which floor you are on?
We are on the bottom floor.
I would like to look at the leak. Will you be home this morning?
Yes, someone will be here to let you in.
Just in case you have to leave, we will just use the master key.

How much is your last salary?
I have earned 10,000 a year including bonuses.
How much do you want us to pay you?
I like to be paid more than that. Hopefully, 150,000 a year.
To be honest, I left the company to get more income.

I hope you can help. I've got a bit of a problem with your ATM.
Of course, that's my job. Oh, dear. What's happened?
Well, it's eaten my card?! It won't give it back?!
I see... calm down, don't worry. May I ask what were you doing when it took your card?
Yes. I was only entering my PIN. I'm terrible at remembering it, I'm so forgetful, you see.
Mmmm... and exactly how many times did you enter it, please?
Maybe three times. As I said, I always forget it.
Ah?! Don't worry ; it's just a security measure. If someone uses a card and cannot get the right PIN after three attempts, the bank keeps the card in case it's stolen. Just contact the bank and we'll get it back to you.
Oh, I see. So if I call my branch they can sort everything out for me?
Yes, they'll be happy to help. Believe me, it happens to many people.
I'd better try harder to memorise my PIN in future. Thanks.

Is this the counter to pick up parcels?
Yes, it is. I want to pick up my parcels.
Please show me your parcel order.
OK. Here you are.
Let me check your parcel number. Song Ping's parcel number should be CP 06230221 5 CN.
Here is your parcel.
Thank you.
Not at all.

Hi Brittany. What are you doing with all of your clothes on your bed?
I'm trying to decide what to wear to school the first day.
Oh, A. Mom didn't tell you?
Didn't tell me what?
What? This Bs' school you're going to is going to make your life easy.
What are you talking about brother? Spill it.
Uniforms, sis, no more worrying about appearances?!
You mean I have to wear the same thing every day?
MOM?!

What would you like for your main dish?
Steak, please.
How would you like it?
Medium rare, please.
Anything else, sir? May I have a glass of red wine, please?
Of course.

Mr. Smith, do you like the hotel we booked?
Yes, we do. We like it very much.
I've come to make sure that your stay in Beijing is a pleasant one.
Thank you so much.

David, we have been doing business for three years, haven't we?
Yes, I'm glad we've had very pleasant cooperation in the previous years.
And your achievement for promoting our clothes was great in the three years. So, I wish to apply for the sole agency of your product in our local market. If you give us the agency, that will be more substantial for our cooperation.
To be frank, you are not the only one who applies for an agent for us in your country. I'd like to know some ideas of terms on which you would be willing to operate as our agent.
As we are a well-established company, we are very familiar with the customers' needs. Besides, we can make full use of our good connections with the wholesalers and retailers here and develop a good market for your products if appointed as your agent.
Sounds reasonable. I will tell my boss about you agent application. Another question, what do you think is the minimum annual sales you can guarantee?
To be on the safe side, and for garment of all materials, sizes, and styles, I think the amount will be 50,000 pieces a year.
Well. As our sole agency, you will neither handle the same or similar products of other origins nor re-export our goods to any other area outside your own.
No, certainly not.

Excuse me. I bought this circulator here yesterday but it doesn't work.
Oh, let's see what's wrong.

Where can I find the produce?
Aisle A is where you'll find all the produce.
What sales do they have today?
I'm sure something is on sale. Please check with the produce person.

Hello, this is Steven from Blue Sky Co. May I speak to Mr. James?
Speaking.
Excuse my troubling you. You purchased our products last year and now I am following up to find out about their workings. Are they still in good condition now?
Yeah, exactly?! I bought them last year. En... at present, they are still in good state.
That's it?! All of them have first-class quality and performance. Besides, we adopt advanced technology. Now we have developed new products. They are much better than what you have bought.
Your company is developing so fast. Maybe later on I will plan to buy more.
That's great?! Thanks for your support. If any, please remember to call us.
I am afraid I have to say goodbye now?!
Bye, Mr. James?!
Bye?!

Ms.Dawson, I need you to take a dictation for me.
Yes, sir... This should go out as an intra-office memorandum to all employees by this afternoon.Are you ready?
Yes, sir.Go ahead.
Attention all staff... Effective immediately, all office communications are restricted to email correspondence and official memos.The use of Instant Message programs by employees during working hours is strictly prohibited.
Sir, does this apply to intra-office communications only? Or will it also restrict external communications?
It should apply to all communications, not only in this office between employees, but also any outside communications.
But sir, many employees use Instant Messaging to communicate with their clients.
They will just have to change their communication methods. I don't want any - one using Instant Messaging in this office.It wastes too much time?! Now, please continue with the memo.Where were we?
This applies to internal and external communications.
Yes.Any employee who persists in using Instant Messaging will first receive a warning and be placed on probation.At second offense, the employee will face termination.Any questions regarding this new policy may be directed to department heads. Is that all?
Yes.Please get this memo typed up and distributed to all employees before 4 pm.

Do you have everything?
Let's see... my ID card, my passport, and my suitcase. I'm pretty sure I've got everything.

This is Dunlin. Is this Mrs Smith speaking?
Yes, what can I do for you?
I just want to call and say thank you for letting me interview yesterday.
You are welcome, Mr. Sun.
And I also want to know what the status is of the position.
Sorry, we haven't made the decision at all. But we should be making the decision by the end of this week. And we'll get in touch with you once we make it.
Do you have any questions we didn't cover in the interview?
No. Thank you, I am looking forward to hearing from you. Bye-bye.
Thank you for the calling. Bye-bye.

I often sneeze after having a bad itch inside my nose. Sometimes this is accompanied by an itching throat.
Any other discomfort?
Yes. Sometimes I can notice a constriction in the chest and shortness of breath after a fit of sneezing. And I often suffer from a running nose with a profuse watery discharge.
Does it occur seasonally or all year round?
It has been seasonal during these past three years.
Are you sensitive to other things?
Yes, things like seafood and penicillin-type drugs.
OK. Let me examine your nose. According to your case history and the examination, I believe that it's allergic rhinitis.
What useful treatment can you offer?
I'll give you a series of specific skin tests. Then we'll know exactly what substances you're allergic to. Then I'll give you some causes of desensitization therapy.

Miss, would you like to try this free sample of our new suntan cream?
Sure, why not?
This is a new product of company this year. It's oil-free.
I see. It feels very light on the skin.
It gives your skin a very natural healthy look. I like the cool smell, too.

So how can I make it?
First you make a list of what you wanna buy...
But I’Ve gotta have the budge before anything else.
Well, that’s a problem, isn’t it?

Did you have a part-time job when you were still in school?
No, I was way too busy studying all the time. How about you?
Yeah, I worked about twenty hours a week in a pizza restaurant.
What was that like?
It was always very busy there. What did you do?
I stood behind the register and took pizza orders.
Did you get any perks on the job?
Yeah, I got to eat as much pizza as I could for free.

Okay. I'd like to change some euro into US dollars, please.
Sure. How much would you like to change?
Six hundred euro.
Very good. May I see your passport?
Here you are.
How would you like your bills?
In fifties please.

Why are you reading the classifieds? What do you need?
I'm looking for a bookcase, but I don't want to buy a new one.
Are you having any luck?
Not really. There aren't any used bookcases listed. But there are a few rummage sales on Saturday. I think I'll go to them.
Do you mind if I go with you?
Not at all. These private sales are great places to bargain. And sometimes you can find terrific things among all the junk.
I learned to negotiate from my mother. I thought I was pretty good at bargaining, but I had a problem the other day at Kimble's Department Store.
What happened?
I wanted to buy a beautiful wool sweater for my girlfriend. It was priced at forty dollars, so I started by offering the salesclerk thirty.

Do you do a lot of your shopping online?
Not really. I like looking on the internet at what’s available, but I usually prefer to actually see and touch what I’m buying before I pay for it. Sometimes, I’ll look at something in a shop, but lat No. I’m a little worried about security. You never know who’s trying to find out your codes and passwords. Aren’t you worry about that?
Not really. I know that it happens, but if you buy from reputable companies with secure websites, you should be ok.
Even though I use online shopping facilities, I don’t think it’s the best way to sho
I’m surprised to hear you say that. I thought you loved anything technological.
I do. I’m a big fan of using new technology, but I don’t want to sit in front of a computer screen all day. I think people need to get out and interact with other people. So, how about coming to the department store with me? I want to see if there are any new summer clothes on sale yet.
Sure. I’d love to join you. Can we stop by the computer store? I just want to see if they have something.
Sure. While you’re in the computer store. I will visit the book store opposite. I like to browse through their books and see if they have anything interesting.
Ok. I’Ve finished online. Let’s go.
I’ll just get some money and my credit card.
Thanks for reminding me. I had forgotten to get mine.

Please help yourself at your dishes. I hope you’ll enjoy what you’Ve got.
It suits my taste. You are really a good cook.
Would you like to try my special recipe?
Wow, let me try. It tastes nice.
How did you make it?
It’s as easy as pie. I always follow recipes.

Mr. Dick. Does the recommendation of the university play an important role?
Yes. In fact, the recommendation letter written by the university is an indirect self-recommendation. In the long period of cooperation, the university has established good relationship with the companies or organizations, they trust each other well. If your university recommends you, you can be approved more easily.
But I find that most of the recommendation letters written by universities are the same. So I doubt its authority.
More and more persons have the same discoveries since most universities do that in order to save energy. If your university also does like this, you can look for other methods, because such kinds of recommendations say nothing for you. Could you tell me whether or not I send out my resume with it?
It depends. If it has something special or useful, I suggest you send it out.

Taylor, can you tell me how to apply for a job on the Internet?
Just fill out an application. Do I have to send an E-mail?
You are expected to know the E-mail address of the unit.
But I still don't know which unit is in need of staff. Send out an application through Job-wanted on the website.
Can any unit see my information?
It's a two-way choice. And your application will be read.
Which websites offer this service?
Sina, 21st Century Talent Net, and a few others.
Thank you.

Don’t throw your weight around. I can’t bear you any more.
I dare you to say that again.

Were you a leader when you were in college?
Yes. I was Propaganda department minister of our university.
Did you get any honors or awards at your university?
No. It’s a pity about it.
Were you involved in any club activities at your university?
Yes. I was a member of the basketball Society. I like playing basketball.
What extracurricular activities did you usually take part in at your college?
I sometimes played basketball and sometimes played football.

You want to argue your ticket today?
Yes. That is why I'm here.
Tell me your argument.
I was pulled over for allegedly speeding.
Are you sure you weren't speeding?
To be honest, I really wasn't.
What speed were you going?
I was under the speed limit. I was going 35, when the speed limit was 40.
I'm just going to let you go, since the arresting officer isn't here.
What about my ticket? Do I still need to pay?
Don't worry about it.
I'm so glad for your help.

Annie, do you like shopping online?
Yes, I like it, because it's convenient. Last week, I tried to buy a new cellphone online, but I didn't know how to pay for it.
First, you should open an account at the online bank. After that, you can buy anything you want online.
Are there many things online?
Sure. You can find everything all over the world. Let's check it out online?!
( They log in a shopping website. ) That's amazing. Oh, an on line virtual supermarket? Let's click to check it out. Oh, I got it. It simulates the real supermarket, which makes it feel so real.
Mom will love it. She loves shopping in supermarkets.

Ah, Bob. Just the person I wanted to see.
So what is it?
You gotta help me out this time, buddy.
Another tough thing, I guess.

Hey?! What happened??! My song was only half way through and it skipped to the next song.
I don't know what happened?! You cancelled the song, didn't you, Jack?
No, I didn't.
Really?! Then, is the machine broken or...

Good evening, Do you have a reservation?
Yes. The reservation under Mr. Watson.
Ah, yes, a table for four at 8 Em, no, thanks. I think we'll go straight to the table, By the way. may I check my overcoat here?
Certainly, sir. We'll keep it in the cloakroom for you. Here is your number. When you leave, show it to the waiter behind the counter, please.
Thank you. Could you show us to our table now? Would you please follow me, please?
Thank you. This is your table. It's Number 10.

Hello, ma’am. Can I help you? I’m looking for a sweater.
What size are you looking for?
Well, I’m looking for size 10 but you don’t have it.
How about this one? I think it looks terrific on you.
Yes, I like the color. Can I try it on?
Sure. The fitting room is on your right.
It fits well. I like it a lot. What do you think?
You look pretty in red.
Oh, it’s my favorite. How much is it?
$ 29.99.
Okay. I’ll take it. Thank you very much for your help.
You’re welcome.

Do you have any cars available?
We have only one mid-size car left.
Great, what's the rate per day?
It's 40 $ plus tax per day on limited mileage.
I'm going to need it for three days. Can I see your driver's license?
Sure, here is my driver's license.
Please sign here.

Are you ready to order? I think that we have a pretty good idea of what we would like to order.
Let me tell you about the specials of the day, which are chicken in a wine sauce with capers, and grilled garlic shrimp.
I was wondering if the chef could leave off the sauce.
The chef would be happy to accommodate your special requests.
I am a vegetarian. Do you have any vegetarian selections?
You could choose the roasted vegetable and garlic pizza or the goat cheese and candied walnut salad.
I think that we will split the roasted vegetable and garlic pizza.
That is a good selection, and I can bring your salads now or serve them with your entree.
You can bring us our salads when you bring us our entree.

I can't open this email attachment our Paris office has sent me. Are you sure you're using the right program?
Well, yes it's definitely the same program but I might have the wrong version. Their system is newer than ours.
That's why you can't open it. You'll have to upgrade before you can read the file.

What kind of character do you think you have?
Generally speaking, l am an open-minded person.
What is your strongest trait?
Cheerfulness and friendliness.
How would your friends or colleagues describe you?
They say Mr. Sun is a friendly, sensitive, caring and determined person.
What personality do you admire?
I admire a person who is honest, flexible and easy-going.
How do you get along with others?
I get on well with others.

Hi, I need to make an appointment to see the doctor.
What seems to be the problem?
I have a rash that I need a doctor to look at.
Do you have a fever with that rash?
No, it just itches a lot.
I have openings on Tuesday or Wednesday. Which would be best for you?
I need an appointment on Tuesday.
Fine, I am putting you down for 9
I would like to see Dr. Jones.
I can schedule you with him with no problem.
We look forward to seeing you.

Wow?! What's the hold up?
It’s probably just people trying to get an early start out of the city for the weekend. Nobody sticks around in the summer.
Really? Then, I guess I won’t have a hard time finding a room or getting a cab?
Actually, you might because there’s a big convention in town this weekend.
I’m not too worried about it. I always seem to find something.

Hello, how can I help you today?
I'd like to withdraw some money from my account.
Please fill out this slip stating how much you wish to withdraw.
Well, actually, it's quite a substantial amount. Here's my Bank Book. Will that cause a problem?
On your account there is no limit to over the counter withdrawals, it won't cause a problem.
Here's your money, 10,000 RIB. Please count it before you leave.
Yes, that seems to be all in order. Thanks very much.

Quality is very important to us. We work to very low tolerance levels. We need to have guaranteed supplies of consistently high quality raw materials. Over the years we've built up very good relationships with our suppliers.
Do you have many different suppliers?
Yes. There are about fifty names on our approved supplier list, but for raw materials we tend to deal with three local companies.

Mary, can you tell me how you keep in shape?
You'll never be in shape until you eat less and take more exercise. Now, tell me what you often eat.
I often eat fish and eggs. Do you eat a lot of vegetables?
Oh yes, and fruits. I love fruits very much.
What do you like to drink?
Well, I never drink alcohol, coffee or tea. Whatever would you like to drink?
I drink a lot of milk. I drink milk almost every day. How often do you exercise?
Well, I walk every day. It's a good diet and a regular exercise.
Yes, quite right.

I am sorry, but I cannot stay for the rest of class today.
Why do you need to leave early?
I don’t feel so good. What doesn’t feel right?
I feel as if I am going to be sick to my stomach.
Perhaps you should get checked out at the Student Health Center before you go home.
I have some medicine at home that I could take.
Are you going to be OK to drive home, or would you like someone to go with you?
Thank you, but my friend is in the library, and he can give me a ride home.
We hope that you are feeling better soon. E-mail me if you have any questions.

Your boyfriend is so considerate to you. When do you plan to marry?
It’s still up in the air. There is something wrong between us.

We're considering of ordering 200 computers, but I'm wondering about the price you'll possibly offer.
Our price will be not less than $ 5000.
Your price is higher than I expected. Could you give us a little discount?
This is already our best price. But the price is always negotiable and you should consider our quantity of order.
Well, what would you suggest? Could you make it $ 4500?
I'm afraid that there is no room to negotiate the price. This is the best price we can quote.
Can we meet each other half way?
What do you mean? Let's close the deal at $ 4800, OK?
You drive a hard bargain?! OK, that's a deal.

I'm now on the Songshan airport getting ready for departure. I realized that I might have left my watch.
Yes, Ma'am. May I have your name and room number?
My name is Terry. I stayed last night in your hotel in room 132. What kind of watch is it?
It's a brand-new Seiko wrist watch.
Yes, we have it.
Oh, I'm glad to hear that. Would you kindly send it to the Hilton Hotel?

What are your thoughts on the apartment?
I think that it’s absolutely gorgeous.
There aren’t any problems with the apartment?
I think that the apartment looks very nice, but I do see some problems.
What problems?
I did notice a few stains in the carpet.
We will have the carpet cleaned before you move in.
You will?
Yes, but other than that, are there any more problems?
That was the only thing that I saw that was wrong with the apartment.
I’m happy that you find this apartment so appealing.
It is. I love it.

That China-gown of Tang-Dynasty style is so beautiful. Would you show it to me, please?
Absolutely. Here it is.
Could I try it on?
Please do, the fitting-room is over there.
It feels a little tight around the waist. Do you have a bigger one?
I'm sorry. We don't have this color in your size. We have some green ones in your size. Would you please have a look at this green one?
OK. How much does it cost?
It's 486 yuan.
Mmm, it is reasonable.

Mrs. Wang, would you give us an idea of the price you regard as workable?
As I said before, your price is so high that we find it difficult to make a bid. We hope you will take the initiative and bridge the gap.
Just to comply, we're ready to reduce the price by 5 percent. I hope this concession of ours will get the ball rolling.
So do we. Certainly it's a step forward on your side. But the gap is still too wide.
The ball is in your court, Mrs.Wang. What price would you suggest?
To make your offer workable, I think you should take another step down as big as the one you've just taken.
That won't do. You see, our profit margin is very narrow. It simply can't stand such a big cut.
I hate to disappoint you, Mr. Brown, but if that's the case, we have no alternative but to cover our requirements elsewhere.
Do think it over, please. We sincerely hope our discussion will come to a successful conclusion.
Well, I'm not authorized to agree to such a big reduction. Would you mind waiting a day or two, until I get a reply from the home office?
Not at all. Shall we meet again, say, on Friday morning?
Good. Friday morning at 9.

Good morning. Good morning.This is Mary.Can I speak to Anne please?
I’m sorry She isn’t in at the moment. She will come back at half past nineCan I take a message for her?
Thank you.But I will call her later
OK.Goodbye.
Goodbye.

Hi, Jane. How are you doing this morning?
I’m all right, thanks. Just a little tired.
Late night?
Yeah, I got home around two.

We've been waiting here for nearly ten minutes now, and there still isn't a bus in sight. I'm afraid we'll be late for the party. Have you got the time, Tom?
Yes, my watch says a quarter to seven. but there is something wrong with my watch?!
But you bought it only last month.
Yes, but ever since I bought it, it gains about five minutes a day, so I' Ve got to have it repaired.
How long will it take us to get there?
I think about ten minutes by bus.
It's not far away, then. Let's walk, it's beginning to rain.
Wait?! I think I see a bus coming now.
Let's hope it's the No. 22 bus.

Hi, Mr. Smith. I'm Doctor Hawkins. Why are you here today?
I found it would be a good idea to get a check-up.
Yes, well, you haven't had one for 5 years. You should have one every year.
I know. I figure as long as there is nothing wrong, why go see the doctor?
Well, the best way to avoid serious illnesses is to find out about them early. So try to come at least once a year for your own good.
Ok. Let me see here. Your eyes and ears look fine. Take a deep breath, please. Do you smoke, Mr. Smith?
Yes.
Smoking is the leading cause of lung cancer and heart disease, you know. You really should quit.
I've tried hundreds of times, but I just can't seem to kick the habit.
Well, we have classes and some medications that might help. I'll give you more information before you leave.
Ok, thanks doctor.

Good afternoon. Mr. Tylor's office?
I'm afraid you've got the wrong extension.
I'm sorry, but could you please transfer this call to Mr. Tylor's office?
Sure, please hold on.
Thank you. Now Mr. Tylor's on the line. Go ahead, please.
You are so kind, you helped me a lot.
You are welcome. Bye?!

Good afternoon, Lexington Software. Angelina Dawson, how can I help?
Hello, this is Quinn from IBA.
Ah, hello Quinn. Oh dear, you are calling to tell me there is a problem, aren't you?
I'm afraid so, yes.
Hmm... well, it was my first attempt?! Is it a very big mistake, or can we just alter it?
Unfortunately it's rather a big mistake.
What do you recommend we do?
I would recommend we scrap this one and you bring in another set as soon as possible.
I trust your judgement. Thank you.

can you speak?
Besides Chinese, I can speak English and French.
You mean you can read and write both of them?
No, I can only carry on a simple conversation in French.
Can you read and write English well?
I can speak the language better than read and write.
Do you speak the language well enough to communicate with people of English-speaking countries?
I think so. I used to be an interpreter.
Do you think your English is good enough to do desk work?
The amount of English I know enables me to do general desk work. I believe what I know is sufficient to work in an American firm.

What can I get for you? Here is the menu.
Let me have a look. Well, how many kinds of steaks do you have?
We have sirloin steaks, pepper steak, and filet steak.
Is there something go with the filet steak?
Yes, we have various sauces.
What about the gravy?

Are you ready to go shopping?
Just a minute. I need to make a list of thinks that we need.
Good idea. Have you written down potatoes, carrots, and onions?
I don’t have onions on my list. I’ll add them. We should get some tea. Is green tea ok or should we get the same tea that we usually get?
Let’s get both. We need some coffee too. Is that on your list?
Yes, it is. Here’s my list. Is there anything that I’Ve forgotten?
I think you’Ve got everything. I want to got some chocolate and some cheese.
What kind of cheese do you want.
I’m not sure. I’ll decide at the cheese counter, when I can see what they have.
Have we got enough money?
We don’t have enough cash, so I’ll take my credit card and we can pay with that.
Where are the car keys?
I’Ve got them there. Shall I drive?

Hello, can you tell me how to use the telephone?
If you want to order meals, call 8801.If you need other help, call 8803 and someone will be there.
Thank you so much. By the way, is there a mail service?
Yes, you can take your letters to the counter over there.

I am afraid that the fax machine in my room won’t be working till tomorrow. A technician has just come and checked it. He will bring me a new one tomorrow. It seems there is a big problem with mine and it will take some days for repairing. Can I use the one in your office?
Of course you can. I am sure this one works very well. I just sent dozens of pages. How many pages are you sending? Are you familiar with my fax machine?
Yes, I think you have the same model as I have.
Does your fax machine print out immediately a transmission protocol?
Yes, it will print immediately.

How many years have you done business with China?
Let me see, about five years, we established our business relationship with Hua Mei of China Import & Export Corporation in 2003.
Do you have any difficulties in doing business in China? You know the Chinese economic legislation is still incomplete?
I don't think I have any problem with our Chinese partners. They have always followed the contract strictly. We can do business directly with the corporation. As I mentioned before, the Chinese government is trying very hard to perfect its law. Its commercial legislation provides legal protection for foreign companies.
Well, it's known that the Sino-American relation is in a dilemma. Does it influence your business in China?
Actually not at present. But we are afraid it will. You know policies influence business to some extent.
I hope our government will not be influenced by some extremists. China is really a large market. We don't want to lose it.
Thank you.
You're welcome.

Give me a pack of first-class stamps, please.
Here you are. That will be five dollars. Anything else?
Yes. I want some post cards and some airmail stamps. I want to send some letters to South America.
Just a moment, I'll look up the rate for air-mail letters to South America.
Can you tell me how much it will cost to send a package to Colombia? Also, I what to know how long it will take.
Do you have the package with you? I would have to weigh it to see how much it would cost. Do you insure package?
Yes. All you have to do declare the value of the package and decide how much you want to insure it for.
Is there a way that I can be sure that the people in South america receive my package?
The post office rarely loses package. You can, however, request a rectum receipt.
One last question-what are your hours?
We open at eight-thirty in the morning and close at five-thirty in the afternoon.
Thank you, you helped me a lot.

Hello, thank you for taking the time to interview me.
Hi there, I’m Bill Gotcha, the owner of Gotcha Enterprises. Did you find your way here OK?
Your assistant gave wonderful directions.
Why are you switching jobs at this point in your career?
Our Company is moving overseas and I wish to stay in the United States.
What are you best at?
I am good at organizing systems that have been having problems.
What is your biggest challenge in terms of skills?
I don’t like to sit around and so like to always find things to do to keep myself busy.
That is good to hear?!

Good morning. SRC international. How may I help you?
Good morning. I'd like to speak to Peter. Chen Please.
Certainly. Who should I say is calling?
This is Tim. Hunter from Hunter industries.
And what is it regarding please?
We have an appointment for this afternoon. Mr. Chen will know why I'm calling.
Of course, Please hold the line Mr. Hunter.

Right, let me run through your options. You can go ahead and cash your undue Large-Amount Deposit Certificate if you really want to, but I'd recommend a Personal Durable Commodities Loan.
OK, what does that entail?
It's not too much trouble to do it this way and remember, your certificate is due in 2 months. If you can hold on to it, it'll be much better for your finances.
Yes, it does seem a little silly to cash it now. I'll probably need about 25,000 RIB. Will that be a problem?
Not at all, Mr Zu. As the certificate is due in 2 months, you can get the loan on mortgage of that certificate.
I'm glad you thought of this. I'd have just gone ahead and cashed it?! And I suppose I can use the money from the certificate to pay back this Personal Durable Commodities Loan and I won't lose any interest, right?
Exactly right. If you'd like to go ahead, I can process that for you now, Mr Zu.
Absolutely, Jenny. Thanks very much, I think you've saved me quite a lot of money today.

My aunt told me one of her secrets--cellophane tape. I just got it at the special health store. It's for my flabby arms.
Let me know how it works. I have to say, I have had enough of this roller coaster.
I know what you mean. I'm like a yo-yo. Last week I was down to 60 kilos. This week I had one donut more. Now I'm up to 62 kilos.

May I have a menu, please?
Of course. Could you tell me how this thing is cooked? Lobster?
It is steamed and served with our special sauce.
Is it good?
Sure. It is a most popular dish.
I think I will try some lobster, and give me some green salad together.

Can’t you come in and have tea now, Peter?
Not yet, I must water the garden first.
Do you have to water it now?
I’m afraid I must. Look at it?! It’s terribly dry.
What a nuisance?! Last summer it was very dry, too. Don’t you remember? I had to water it every day.
Well, I’ll have tea by myself.
That was quick?! Have you finished already? Yes, Look out of the window. It’s raining.
That means you needn’t water the garden.
That was a pleasant surprise. It means I can have tea, instead.

I'm broke, and I have to catch another bus.
Why don't you have any money for another bus?
I got hungry and bought some chips.
That was smart.
Anyway, do you have any change I can use for the bus?
I don't have any.
I don't know how I'm going to get home.
Get a transfer from the bus driver.
How much is a transfer?
It doesn't cost anything.
That's great?! Thanks for your help.
You know what? Don't mention it.

Hello, Anna. Come in and sit down.
Hello, doctor.
What's the matter? I've got a backache.
Do you often suffer from backache?
No, I don't. I've never had a bad one before. When did it start?
About four days ago.
Well, go home and rest in bed for two days, then you'll feel better. Can you give me some medicine? It's very painful.
Yes, I'll give you some pills. Take one a time and three times a day, and come back in three days. If you don't feel...

Welcome on board. May I see your boarding pass?
Here you are. Your seat is three, in the third row, near the window.
Thank you. Where can I put my suitcase?
Either in the overhead compartment or underneath the seat.
Everyone's attention, please. We are going to take off. Please fasten your belts.

Hello, madam. How do you like your staying here?
Quite good. Excuse me, are there any places of interest?
Yes, there are so many near our hoteI. Three blocks away from here, there is temple. It's famous for its building and paintings. lt' s worth visiting.
Thank you. I think today we will go there.

You're here to make a deposit, is that correct?
Right. I'd like to deposit 2,000 RIB into my Current Account.
No problem. Could I have the cash and your Bank Book, please?
Oh dear... there seems to be some problems here... What? What's wrong?
I'm sorry but 5 of these notes seem to be counterfeit. Look at this watermark, do you see it?
It does look a little strange, I didn't notice that before.

Hello, sir. Is there anything I can help you find?
Um... Uh... I'm just looking, thanks.
Need a gift for your girlfriend or wife...
No, no, no. I'm just browsing. Thanks anyway.
Well, if you need anything, just ask. Um... well, where's the men's shoe department?
It's on the third floor. Turn left when you get off the escalator.
Thanks.

An idea about killing time on a train?
I advise you to read Playboy.You can get a lot from it.
But there's quite a lot of rumors about it.
That's why it's interesting.

Have you brought the receipt with you?
No, I don't. I left it home.
Sorry, but we can't do anything without the receipt. Come back with it.
I didn't know. I'll go to get it. How late will you be open?
Till 5:30.

I haven't told you what happened yet, have I?
I haven't heard anything.
My boss offered me a promotion, and I took it.
Are you serious?
Yes, I am really excited.
That's great. Congratulations?!
Thank you.
Actually, I could not believe it at first. You know, there're so many outstanding people in our company. Many of them are qualified to fill that position.
Sure, but you really did great and outperformed the others. You deserved it?!
Thank you very much.

I like Chinese food.
I like Chinese food, too. I like dumplings best. At school, we sometimes have Chinese food for lunch.
That's good. We eat Chinese food only at the Chinese restaurant.
My mother can make some Chinese food.
Really? That's wonderful?!

OK. Come back into the classroom, class.
Does the class start again, Mam?
Yes, but to the heath, this break has last long enough.
Oh, breaktime flies. come on, baby. It’s time now.
Mam, another minute, could I?
Hurry up, little boy.

What's the actual flight time from here to San Francisco?
It's about twelve hours.
Can you tell me what time we're arriving?
Sure. Let me see... at 6:15 a. m. local time.
I see. And that'll be 10:15 p. m. Beijing time.

Excuse me, but I'm not feeling too well. I think I'm going to throw up.
There's an airsickness bag behind the seat that's in front of you.
I must've missed it. Is this your first time flying?
Yes. I'm going to San Francisco.
Oh, it's a beautiful city. I think you'll like it.
Hey, I'm feeling much better already.
Sometimes if you don't think about it, that sick feeling will go away on its own.
Thanks.
By the way, my name is Mary.
I'm Frank. Nice to meet you.

Welcome to Al's Bakery. What can I get you?
Hi?! Let me get a dozen croissants, four blueberry muffins and a loaf of sourdough bread.
Sure. Would you like to have the loaf sliced?
No, that's OK. Do you have any whole wheat bread?
We are out at the moment. May I suggest some rye bread?
Sure that sounds good. Do you have any cakes?
We have various birthday cakes and also ice cream cakes.
I'll just take a cheesecake.
Will that be all?
Yes.
Your total is forty three dollars and twenty cents.
You got it.

Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, we are happy you have all come out for our training workshop. Today we have a great line-up of speakers to talk to you. First on our program is a well-renown expert in the field of international economic development, Harvard's own Dr. James Smith. Dr. Smith has been involved in economic research for over twenty years, and has taught at Harvard since 1995. And now, without further adieu, we'd like to welcome Mr. James Smith.
Thank you, Mr. Jackson, ladies and gentlemen, colleagues, friends. The subject of my talk is international relations in a morgen world. I plan to say a few words about the current situation in the Middle East and how it affects world economy. I'd like to give you an overview of the way that the economies of seemingly unrelated countries are intertwined. I've divided my talk into three parts, first an overview of international relations, second a discussion of current political situations, and lastly trends for the future. My presentation will take about two hours, but there will be a twenty-minute break in the middle. We'll stop for lunch at 12.

You're looking rather pale, why?
I couldn't sleep well recently.
You'd get plenty of sleep for you work so hard.
I always drink too much wine in the evening.
You shan't drink more wine in the evening.
Yes, you are right.
And you'd take some exercise every day.
Many thanks for your advice.

Hello Mrs Parker, how have you been?
Hello Dr Peters. Just fine thank you. Ricky and I are here for his vaccines.
Very well. Let's see, according to his vaccination record, Ricky has received his Polio, Tetanus and Hepatitis B shots. He is 14 months old, so he is due for Hepatitis A, Chickenpox and Measles shots.
What about Rubella and Mumps?
Well, I can only give him these for now, and after a couple of weeks I can administer the rest.
OK, great. Doctor, I think I also may need a Tetanus booster. Last time I got it was maybe fifteen years ago?!
We will check our records and I'll have the nurse administer and the booster as well. Now, please hold Ricky's arm tight, this may sting a little.

I’m interested in teaching at your school.
Great. Are you a qualified teacher?
Yes.
What kind of teaching certificate do you have?
I have a TEFL certificate.
How many years of experience do you have?
I have three years of teaching ESL and four years of teaching per-school children.
When did you get your TEFL certificate?
I got my TEFL certificate three years ago.
Why do you want to teach at our school?
Well, I’Ve heard many good things about it. I also like teaching young children.
That’s great. Can you speak Chinese?
Yes, just a little.
Can you come in for an interview tomorrow at 10:00?
I sure can.
Great. See you then.

Why is the car before us stopping?
What's going on? Look. Two cars are standing right in the middle of the road and the drivers are shouting rude words to each other.
That's why that car stops.
More and more people easily get irritated while driving.
Yes. This is what is called road rage.

This is today’s schedule. At 8 thirty AM, conference with the department managers. At 9 o’clock, live for the workshop where you’ll award prizes to the staff for preventatives.
That’s great. What are the prizes?
3000 RIB as bonus for each person. To encourage the staff increases.
Ok. Next thing is laying the corner-stone for the new plant at 10 AM. At 12 AM, back here for lunch. What about the afternoon? At 2 PM, give a presentation here with the press. At four o’clock sharp, have dinner with Mr. Smith, manager of NCC.

This is Lincoln Bank, Consumer Credit Department. How can I help you?
Ah, hello. I'm calling to find out how I apply for a car loan.
We offer a Personal Automobile Consumer Loan. The application process is pretty straight forward. I trust you have enough funds to cover the 20 % down payment?
Yes, I do. It's ready and waiting in my account.
The next step is for us to recommend a dealer to you, who are already contracted to us, so...
Could I just stop you there? Sorry to interrupt, but I have already been to your appointed dealer and selected the car I want.
That will certainly cut down the processing time. We can move on to the next step. Do you have the purchase price?
Yes, it's 110,000 RIB. So, with the down payment done, I will need to borrow 70,000 RIB.
What we need you to do next is to come into the branch with a correctly filled in application form, ID card, proof of residency, proof of income, the agreement from the agent and of course the 20 % down payment.
Yes, I have everything here.
OK, I'll come in and see you later today. Maybe I could have my new car as early as next week?! How exciting?!

Hi, my name is Tom.
Tom, the new sales representative? Nice to meet you?! I'm Melinda.
Nice to meet you too.Melinda. Now let me show you around. This is our reception area, and our conference room is right over there. Over here is the sales department.
Really? This is a nice office, but it's quite small.
Yeah... You can make photocopies and send faxes over there.
It looks like you guys work hard.
I tell you what just between you and me, we just mess things up so that it looks like we work hard.Just kidding.
Oh, your cubicle is over the. And this way. Those are all private offices the managers offices.
Hmm... Tell me more details about our jobs.
Sure thing.

What do you think of our price? Your price has gone up sharply, hasn't it?
Yes. We regret we cannot maintain our original price. Since the prices of the raw materials have been raised, we have to adjust the price of our products accordingly.
I agree with you there, but your price is unreasonable.
I don't think so. You must compare our price with that of other export houses. I'm sure our offer is in line with the prevailing market price level.
I don't think we'll be able to pay the price.
To have this business concluded, you need to lower your price at least by 3 %.
I’m afraid that there is no room for any reduction in price.
Don't you agree with me that in the long run, moderate prices will bring about large sales and more profit?
We've already cut down our price to cost level.
Is that all?
Yes, this is the best we can do.
I'm sorry we can't handle the price you offered.

So, Jimmy, how does it feel to have your own money?
It’s great, dad. I don’t mind delivering papers, but the real fun is collecting the money.
Even though you are only twelve, it’s not too early to start saving a little money.
I’Ve never had a bank account before. Why don’t I just keep my money under the matters like grandpa does?
You know you would spend it. And also, money in the bank earns interest.
But what if I need my money suddenly?
The bank will give you a PIN, and you can withdraw money from any ATM.
Great?! So it’s almost the same as keeping it under the matters?!
Not quite. You have to maintain a minimum balance of twenty dollars. And sometimes the bank has service charges. But you don’t have to worry about that yet. Let’s go make your first depot OK.
Guess I have to do that before. I can make money my first withdrawal.

Is this where I can catch a bus to the theater?
Yes, but you can't get there with out a change.
Which bus do I have to change?
You have to get off at the hospital and change for bus 15.
I see. Thank you.

Here we are, Joan. This is the Palace museum, also known as the Forbidden city.
Oh, how splendid?! Can you take a picture of me here?
Sure.

Excuse me. I'm afraid I got lost. Where am I on this map?
We are here, bus station, we are in the heart of the city.
Oh?! Can I go from here to the Zhongshan Park?
Head straight up the street about two blocks then turn right.

Tony, could you tell me if there are any special rules about the job?
Working hours are from 8: 30 a. m. to 5:00 p. m. Be sure not to be late or absent. Report to the manager by filling in the' Monthly Report' every month.
Is there anything else? How about my salary?
Our company has a strict and reasonable salary standard. On the 20th day of every month, you can get your salary on time. Benefits depend upon the length of service and the employee's past attendance record.
Wow, thank you for telling me these. Do you mind telling me something else, like attendance record, holiday, and how to ask for leave?
All new members are likely to ask the same questions. Haha.
I can understand that. Every month you have three days off, besides the weekends and some important holidays. After you've been here for a year, you qualify for a one-week vacation. The leave less than a half-day should predict for an hour, and more than a half-day should predict three days.
Okay, that's good. I get it.

Kate, you never believe what's happened.
What do you mean?
Masha and Hero are getting divorced.
You are kidding. What happened?
Well, I don't really know, but I heard that they are having a separation for 2 months, and filed for divorce.
That's really surprising. I always thought they are well matched.
What about the kids? Who get custody?
Masha, it seems quiet and makable, no quarrelling about who get the house and stock and then contesting the divorce with other details worked out.
That's the change from all the back stepping we usually hear about.
Well, I still can't believe it, Masha and Hero, the perfect couple.
When would they divorce be final?
Early in the New Year I guess.

Overseas operator. I would like to make a collect call to Taipei, Taiwan, please.
Your name, please.
Tim Chen.
What's the number, please.
The area code is 2, and the number is 2367-9960.
The line is connected. Please go ahead.

Hello. Excuse me.
Yes. Can I help you? Do you remember me? I just had lunch here a half hour ago.
Of course I remember you.
I think I lost my wallet here.
Oh, no. Really? I didn't see anything.
Really? You didn't find a wallet?
No, I didn't.
Would you like to go look by the table with me?
Yes, I would.
It's not here. And it's not on the floor.Has anyone sat at this table since we left?
No. It's been empty the whole time.
Hmm. I don't know how it could have happened.
I remember, sir, that your friend took the bill.You didn't pay for the lunch yourself, did you?
No. My friend did.
Then are you sure you took your wallet out of your pocket while you were here?
No, I'm not sure. But I usually take out my wallet when I sit down.It' s uncomfortable to sit on it. So I usually put it next to me on the table.
Maybe you lost it before you came here. Or maybe you left it at home.
I don't think it's at home. I think I had it when I left the house.But what should I do?
Well, the first thing you should do is make sure it's not at home.Then, if it isn't, you need to call your credit card companies and cancel your cards. Next, you need to replace whatever you lost, your driver's license, things like that.
Should I call the police?
You can if you want. But the police usually don't do anything about lost wallets.
Hmm. I'll go home and check. Maybe you're right. Maybe it's at home.
I'm sorry we couldn't find it, sir.
Thanks for your help.

Good morning, young lady. You can call me Ma. Do you see anything you like?
Yes. Many things?! I especially love this beautiful quilt.
That quilt was passed down to me from my ma in Holland.
It sounds like a special quilt. Why do you want to sell it?
Well, this home is too big for me now, so I'm moving to an apartment that is much smaller. Therefore, I need to part with a few things.
Oh, I see. Umm, how much do you want for the quilt?
Is fifteen dollars OK?

Have you got change for a thousand?
Let me see.

May I come in, Mr Sun?
I’d rather you didn’t, Miss Yang. I’m very busy now.
Can I try later then?
Yes, of course.
Is it all right for me to come in now, Mr Sun?
Well, uh... I’m still pretty busy, but... all right. Come in.
What can I do for you?
Do you mind if I sit down?
Not at all. Take a seat. Now what can I do for you?
I want to leave the department. Do you think I could put info a transfer?
Yes.
But why should you want to do that?
Do you mind if I speak frankly?
Not at all. Go ahead.
Well. You see, I don’t like the office. I don’t like the staff. And I’m afraid of you. And I don’t want to go one. So may I put info a transfer?
Yes. I’d be delighted if you did.

Where is that? Take me to the airport, please.
Are you in a hurry?
I have to be there before 17 o'clock.
We'll make it except a jam. You know it's rush hour.
There's an extra ten in it for you if you can get me there on time.
I'll do my best.
Here's twenty dollars. Do you have small bills?
No. If you can't break it, keep the change. But can you give me a receipt?
Here is your receipt.
Thank you.

Recently I have been getting headache and my eyes don't seems to see focus properly.
When did you last time have your eyes checked?
Two years ago. At that time I had no problems.Now I can’t even make out something ten meters away.
Come over here. I will test your eyes. First cover your left eye like this, and when I point, please read the chart from the top, and go as far as you can, telling me which way the “ E ” points.
All right. Good.Now the other eye. Well, this one is worse.
Never mind, just read as far as you can.
I can only read the first three lines.

Is there a car park near the supermarket?
Yes, there is an underground car park near the supermarket.
I see. Thanks.

Oh, come on, Ultraman?! What's up, Bro? What's in the bulletin?
It says that there will be a blackout from 5 p. m. to 7 p. m. in our neighborhood today.
Blackout? Even the TV has the limit. Don't you know you will look like a monster in the blackout?
Oops, no, Daddy can't watch American Idol, either?! That's not the point.
Come on, can you imagine that there will be no electricity on such a hot day? Oh, my god?! No air-conditioner?!
OK, since you are the smart one, can you come up with a better plan? So that we won't be baked like cookies here.
How about playing Barbie out there in the neighborhood?
Barbie? You know, I might be seven, but I'm not a girl.
Do you have a better plan?
All right, all right.

Yes, ma'am, how could I help you?
I am wondering if you do facial care?
Yes, we do.
How much would it be?
From 200 to 800.
I'm afraid 800 is too expensive for me. Could you recommend something around 300?
No problem.

Can I help you, Miss?
I would like to order 2 office-style cabinets and desk calendars. We want office-style cabinets in white. The catalogue number is 90-f-2356.
How soon do you want it?
Could you deliver it tomorrow?
No problem. Please handle the items carefully.
Certainly.
We will pay by collect on delivery.

I hate to do this to you, Alice, but I’m going to have to ask you to put in some more overtime.
Does it have to be this afternoon, Mr. Fairbanks? I’Ve already made plans.
Well, I would have preferred to do it today, but if you’Ve already made plans, we can do it tomorrow.
I’d appreciate that, sir. How long do you think you’ll need me to stay?

What’s your attitude when do wrong things at work?
The buck stops here.

Hello?! Is your company advertising for administrative assistant on the newspapers?
Well, Administrative assistant with shorthand and typing skills are badly needed here.
First I want to check about the availability and see if you could give me more information.
The position calls for a person with some working experience. We must be able to benefit from your analytical and interpersonal skills. Can you deliver your resume to us first?
Of course. I will deliver my resume to you in minutes' time. I hope you will consider my application and I shall appreciate a reply at your earliest convenience.
OK. I will call you soon. Bye now.
Bye.

Just as the saying goes, every potter praises his own pot. You should pay special attention to selling yourself properly in the interview. It is especially important for the graduates who step into the job market for the first time. You'd better prepare what you are going to say in advance, in order to have a good performance in the interview. The contents should be mainly descriptions of your background. And the length depends on the particular situation. Only when you are aware of what the interviewer will be interested in, can you make a targeted preparation. To sell yourself successfully, you should leave the interviewer a deep impression. Selling yourself should go straight to the point, and the statement should be clear and brief. It should also be truthful and realistic. Do not blindly blow your own horn. You should particularly state your strong points which are closely related to the position you are applying for. While you should not omit your weak points, they need to be described appropriately Time permitted, you could add certain examples to your description. Besides, in the interview, it is best that you make corresponding adjustments to apply your prepared contents flexibly.

Hello?
Hi, Deborah?! This is John. I'm calling from Australia.
What are you doing in Australia?
I'm attending a conference in Sydney this week. Remember?
Oh, right. What time is it there?
It's 10:00 P. M. And it's four o'clock in Los Angeles, right?
Yes - four o'clock in the morning.
4:00 A. M.? I'm really sorry.
That's OK. I'm awake now.

John hasn't turned up and Stefan is ill. Do we have anyone on stand-by?
I'm afraid not, we're very short-staffed at the moment.
Can you ask the shift supervisor to ask one of his team to do some overtime?
Perhaps Tommy can stand in for an hour or two until we find a replacement.

Jack, let’s go?! Oh, you are out of breath?! What happened?
Some people are wildly shooting on the next street. We must leave here as soon as possible?!
Take it easy. They will get caught.

Hello. May I speak to Jerry, please?
Sorry, but he is out for lunch right now.
I see. Can you give me some idea how long he'll be back?
I think he will be back around 2:00. If you like, please leave your name and phone number, I'll have him call you as soon as he comes back.
That's nice. My name is Steven, my phone number is 6789777.
Okay, I'll be waiting for his call. Thank you and bye?!
My pleasure, bye?!

Excuse me, Miss. What can I do for you?
I've just heard an announcement that my flight has been delayed.
What's your flight number?
Flight CA216 to Chengdu.
Yes, it's true. It has been delayed.
Could you please tell me why?
Yes, of course. The delay is due to heavy rain.
How long will the delay be? Do you have any further information about it?
I am sorry, we don't know the extent of the delay at present. But according to the latest weather forecast, there will be a change in weather soon. We have to wait.
Well, is it possible for the rain to stop before noon?
It's hard to say. Weather is so changeable in the summer. Please listen to the latest announcement about your flight.
Yes, I will. Thanks a lot. Bye?!
Bye

What are we going to do? I can't get the car out of this ditch. I'm stuck?!
I'm worried, Tom. I haven't seen any other cars for almost an hour.
I know. This is terrible. What can we do? This snow doesn't stop falling?!
I told you we should have stayed in town today.The weather report said 100 percent chance of snow.Why did you want to come up here?
I wanted to show you the cabin. We only had another half-hour to go.
Well, now we're stuck. What can we do?
I don't know. I've heard that when this happens, it's important to save energy.
What do you mean? We're stranded here, Tom. We may be here a long time.We need to conserve the gas in the car. The car's energy is what will keep us warm.
I have plenty of gas.
Yes, but the gas and the battery both have to stay working.We can't just let the car run and run.If we do, it will die soon. Then we'll freeze.
So what can we do?
Turn the lights off.Then, run the car and the heater only about fifteen minutes every hour.That will conserve the heat as long as possible.
Alright. That's a good idea. I wish we hadn't come up here. Now we'll probably be here for days.
Days?
Yes, it happens.That is what happens in big snowstorms. People get stranded for days.
Oh, my God?! It's good we have food. Probably we'll survive.But turn the car off for about forty-five minutes. Then we'll turn it on again.

Hey, buddy, can’t you see there’s a line?
Oh, sorry. I didn’t know.
What? You haven’t taken the bus before?
No, I’m afraid not.
Well, you have to wait in line like everyone else. Besides, you should let old people on first.
Sorry.
It’s all right. Where are you going?
I wanted to see the White House.
Oh, well you don’t want this bus, anyway. It goes to Georgetown.
Oh, no. It’s all right, though. Just get off at the next stop and catch the 79A.
Oh, well thank you very much.
You’re welcome.

Can I help you?
I'd like the double cheese burger meal, please.
What kind of drink would you like with that?
Just coke will be fine.
Would you like a super size meal? Only 2 RIB more, you'll get large coke and fries instead of medium. And today we are offering free toys all the meal boxes.
That sounds good, thanks, I'd like that. Actually I'd like sprite instead of coke, thanks.
That's not a problem, Miss. Will that be it?
Yes, that's all. That will be 25RMB, please
You got it.

Do you have any night tours?
Yes, we will depart in 10 minutes.
Is that a guided tour?
Yes, it is.
That's fine. Let's get on the bus.

I am sure we will make it up as soon as possible.
That's nice. We hope this matter will not affect our good relations in our future dealings.
Of course not. We have cooperated for a long time.

I would like to purchase some meat.
What kind of meat would you like to get today?
First off, I'm going to need a pound of ground beef.
A pound of ground beef is $ 2.48.
That's perfect. What else will you be needing?
I'm also going to need three pounds of chicken breasts.
The chicken breasts cost $ 4.05 per pound. What's the total price for the chicken?
It's going to be $ 12.15.
Okay, I think that will be all for me today.

I think you know already that I want to discuss the represent - ton for your alarm clocks.
Yes, Mr. Bergeron. You mentioned that in your letter.
To tell you the truth, your proposal surprised us.
Is that so?
Anyhow I want to go over the details with you in person, so you can give my suggestion thorough consideration.
Our firm specializes in this line of business. We have six sales representatives, who are on the road all the time, covering the whole of the European market.
Do you sell direct to shops?
Yes, we specialize in handling clocks and watches of all sorts. We have well established channels of distribution and we canvass the retailers direct, without any middlemen.
Do you keep a stock of these things?
In some cases, such as the wristwatches, which always have a steady market, we keep a stock in London and act as distributors as well as agents. Generally, however, we pass on the orders of our clients to the manufacturers for supply. We are paid for our service, of course.
That is, your commission.
Yes, our commission is very reasonable. We usually get a 10 % commission of the amount on every deal. Our agents in other areas usually get a 3-5 % commission. The European market is not familiar with your products. You have competitors from Japan and other continental countries. At the beginning of our campaign, there is sales resistance to overcome, we must send out salesmen to do a lot of traveling and spend a considerable amount of money on advertising in news - papers and TV programs. A 10 % commission will not leave us much.
According to your estimate, what is the maximum annual turn - over you can fulfill, in round figures, of course?
We will always do our utmost to enlarge the business, as our remuneration increases with the turnover, but we will not guar - ante anything, at least not to begin with.
We appreciate very much your intention to push the sale of our products. But our suggestion to you, Mr. Bergeron, as a preliminary step, is to do a little research into the market...
Do you mean to say you refuse us the agency?
Mr. Bergeron, you leave us no alternative. We can not give you an exclusive agency of the whole European market without having the slightest idea of your possible annual marketing turnover. Besides our price is worked out according to the costing. A 10 % commission means an increase in our price. We must have the reaction of the buyers in this respect.
Oh, that's just too bad. I intended to make great efforts in selling your products.
Well, we can still carry on our business relationship without the agreement. To start the ball rolling, we will provide you with price lists, catalogues and some samples. Only when you have a thorough knowledge of the marketing possibilities of our products, can we then discuss further details.
Ah, Mrs. Miller, but in this case am I covered?
Oh, yes. We will give you a 5 % commission on every transaction.
All right, but I'll be back again for the Autumn Fair. And then I hope we can see eye to eye about our commission and the terms of the agency.
Very good. We will discuss the matter again at the next Fair.

Excuse me, I’m sorry to trouble you. My name is Susan Ransom, and I have placed several orders with you company.
Yes, Mr. Ransom? This is Karl Miller. How may I help you?
Well, I wonder if you could track an order I placed with you last month. It hasn’t arrived yet.
Certainly, Ms. Ransom. Do you have an order number?

Have you worked out the offers. Mr. Thou?
Yes, we have. Here's our CIF quotation sheet. Please have a careful look.
Are the prices on the list firm offers?
Yes. All the quotations on the list are subject to our final confirmation.
I wonder whether there are any changes in your prices.
All these products are our best-selling lines. The prices of our products will change according to that of the international market demand. And we are always open to negotiate, especially on larger orders.
What do you have in mind?
How long does your offer remain valid?
I need some time to get my supervisors on board with this plan.
I understand. Our offer remains open for 4 days.

Hello sir, may I help you?
Yeah, I accidentally dropped my phone in the toilet.
I see. Well, you have come to the right place. We have over one hundred models of more than twenty leading mobile phone manufacturers.
Sounds good. I don’t want it to be too expensive, maybe something mid-range.
We have this new ETC smart phone.It comes with the Android OS so you can download applications. It also has a built-in camera, mp3 player and touch screen. It works on the 3G network so you have fast access to the internet wherever you are.
What about Wi-fi?
Of course?! You can access the internet from any hotspot as well as from home.
One last thing. Is it waterproof?

We have been over this a hundred times?! We are not getting a pet?!
Why not? Come on?! Just a cute little puppy or a kitty?!
Who is going to look after a dog or a cat?
I will?! I’ll feed it, bathe it and walk it every day?! We can get a Labrador or a German Shepard?!
What if we want to take a vacation? Who will we leave it with? Plus, our apartment is too small for that breed of dog.
Ok. How about we get a cat or a ferret?
We’re planning on having children soon, I don’t think those animals are a good idea with a baby in the house.
Fine?! Let’s get a bird then?! We can keep it in its cage and teach it to talk?! A parrot would be awesome?!
I’ll tell you what, I can get you some hamsters and we’ll take it from there.
Yay?!

Good evening, Mr. Lee and thank you for choosing our airline. We have just discovered that this flight is overbooked. Would you like to volunteer to give up your seat?
Overbooked? Give up my seat? I don’t understand.
From time to time we have a situation in which there are more passengers than there are seats on the aircraft. That’s overbooked.
I know what overbooked is, I just don’t understand how that could happen?
Actually it’s a common practice to overbook, as passengers often don’t take their flight as scheduled. Most of the time there is no problem but today, more passengers arrived than we have seats,
So who has to stay behind?
Well, first we ask for volunteers. If someone like yourself volunteers, they receive a free round trip ticket to be used within one year. If no one volunteers we just have to select someone.
Ok. I’ll volunteer. I could use a free ticket?!

I want to rent this apartment.
I’m glad to hear that. How much are you asking?
You will have to pay $ 1050 every month.
I can’t afford that. What can you afford?
I was thinking $ 800 a month.
I’ll need you to pay more than that. How much more?
How does $ 900 every month sound to you?
I can live with that. We have a deal then.

Good morning, Miss Monica. Nice to meet you again?!
Good morning, Mr. Thomas, it is nice to see you too. After the internal discussion, we have all agreed that you are the most suitable person for this position among all the candidates. So, today let’s talk about your expected salary and social benefits. What is your expected salary?
I’Ve worked in the field for more than 4 years. Depend on my work qualifications and experience, I would like to have 5000 Yuan to start.
The basic salary for your position in our company would be 4800 Yuan to start with increases giving according to your performance.
It is a bit lower than I expected. But I can accept that.
What are the working hours?
40 hours a week, Monday to Friday, 9 AM to 5 PM with one hour lunch break every day..
Do I have to work on weekend? If so, how do you pay for the overtime?
We do expect overtime work when it is necessary, but we pay twice of the work hour for working on weekends and three times for working on national holidays like Spring Festival and the Mid-Autumn Day.
Is there probation?
No probation is involved. If you feel good, you can start next week.

Welcome to the McDonald's. What will it be for you, madam?
One Big Mac and French Fries.
Is there anything else?
Give me one coke, please.
Is this to go or to eat here?
To go, please.
That comes to four dollars and ten cents.
And can I have some ketchup, please?
It's on the service counter over there. Please go to help yourself.

What's the name of this street?
University Street.
Do you know of any banks near here?
You'll see one at the corner on your right.

Hey there, you look a little lost. Are you new here?
Yeah how’d you know?
You can always spot the newbies. I can give you a few pointers if you want. Were you trying to use this machine here?
Yeah?! I just started my training today and I’m not really sure where to begin.
It’s ok, I know how it is. This machine here will work out your upper body, mainly your triceps and biceps. Are you looking to develop strength or muscle tone and definition?
Well, I don’t want to be ripped like you?! I just want a good physique with weights and Carpio.
In that case you want to work with less weight. You can start off by working ten to fifteen reps in four sets. Five kilo weights should be enough. Now it’s very important that you stretch before pumping iron or you might pull a muscle.
Got it?!
Wow is that the weight you are lifting? My goodness that’s a lot of weight?!
It’s not that much. Just watch... I’m ok...

Excuse me.Could you tell me how to return to the Hilton Hotel? I am afraid I lost my way.
Do you have a hotel card or something? Let's see.Yes, I have the address and telephone number here.
Oh, you're staying at the downtown Hilton.Then, you go down two blocks this way and turn left.You' ll find it on the right.
Well, I don't understand it very well.Will you draw me a map?

Excuse me, but could you tell me the way to the railway station?
The railway station? Just go down this street and turn left at the second corner. The station is at the end of that street.
How long will it take me to get there?
It's about a ten-minute walk.
That's very clear. I think I can find my way now. Thank you.
Not at all.

How does the political system work in your country?
We have hundreds of constituencies and the voters in each one elect a member of parliament. Most people call them mp’s.
Each mp belongs to a political party, right?
Almost all of them do. A few are independent. That means that they do not belong to a party.
If one party more than half of the mp’s. they form a government. That means that they choose a prime Finist
What’s a cabinet?
This is a small group of people-perhaps 25 mp’s who are usually ministers. They make all the big decision and discuss laws and policy.
Can any mp make a law?
Any mp can present a law to parliament. The proposed law is debated and voted on. If it is accepted, it becomes law.
I suppose a proposed a law needs the support of the big political parties.
Yes, it does, because they have most of the mp’s. most mp’s vote the way their party wants them to.
How do people choose which party or candidate to vote for?
They produce manifesto. These documents which states their policies. Some people just vote for the same party every time there is an election. Voters who often change the party they vote for are Calle

How was your interview?
Pretty good. The HR manager asked me the usual questions. Then he wondered why I had decided to leave my previous job.
What did you say?
I told him that I hadn’t got a raise for three years. I also told him that one of my best co-workers quitted her job because she had not been promoted for eight years.
Did he want to know the reasons?
Yes. I told him that my boss made some excuses of the recession. But I thought he had a pattern and a record of promoting men only. That’s sex discrimination.
When will you get the reply?
In a couple of days, I was told.
Wish you good luck?!
Thank you.

What qualities do you think a senior executive should possess?
Generally speaking, he needs creativity, the ability to communicate, sense of personal responsibilities, the ability to solve problems and so on.
Do you have all these qualities?
Yes, I have all of them. I am totally competent to be a senior executive.

Hi. I need more amenities, please.
Could you be a little more specific, sir?
Well, to be more specific, the free stuff, like soap, lotion, and shampoo.
I understand. Now, you're saying that you've already used up all your amenities?
Oh, no?! I've got all I need for my stay here.
So, what's the problem?
I need souvenirs?!
You want some souvenirs?!
Yes, yes. Souvenirs.
But, sir, our souvenir shop carries all those items.
That's not the same thing. If you buy hotel souvenirs, they have no sentimental value.
I understand, sir. I'll call housekeeping. You'll have your souvenirs shortly.

Hello, may I help you?
Yes.We' re interested in seeing the rooms for rent.
Oh, how nice.They' re bright rooms and the house is very quiet.
A nice quiet house is exactly what we're looking for.
Well, gentleman.Each room is $ 40 a week if you think that's OK.
That sounds just wonderful to us. When do you want to move in?
How about this afternoon?
Fine. I'll be expecting you around two.

Are you ready to order? May I suggest a veal?
No, I'll have the fish please.
The chicken is also nice.
No, I want the fish.
Our special tonight is lobster.
Thank you, but I prefer the fish.
Perhaps you'd enjoy the lamb.
No, I like the fish.
What ever you say?

Am I ever hungry? When will supper be ready?
It's almost ready. Can you set the table?
All right. Want to taste this dish?
Yeah. Oh, it's delicious?! Really?
Definitely. It's a wonderful meal.
Thank you, Honey. If you like to help me do the dishes, I'll be more dreadful.
I wish I could, but I won't.

Good morning, Kate. Long time no see.
Good morning, Vera, Nice to meet you.
Kate, I know you’Ve been a stewardess for more than one year. And I’ll have an interview on stewardess tomorrow. Can you tell me some etiquette about the interview?
Of course. First you should do up your long hair and do make up but not too thick.
Is there anything else I should pay attention to?
Yes, when you attend the interview, you should pay attention to your manner, style of conversation and expression. You should keep smiling always, being polite when you talk with the interviewer. Don't move from time to time when you sit there. And you also should know how to use eye contact.
Thank you, I've learned so much from you.
That’s all right. Hope you can do better tomorrow.

Can you fix me a cup of tea, Johnny?
Well... uh... how about a glass of juice instead?
No. I'd like tea. Can you put it in my favorite cup? You probably washed it...
Oh, yeah. Well, uh, about your mug... I'll find it...
Where are all the floral pattern plates? And dad's Yankee's mug?

Good morning, sir. May I help you?
Yes, I'd like to settle my bill.
Certainly sir. May I have your room key, please?
Sure. Here you are.
Just a moment, please. I'll draw up your bill for you... Thank you for waiting, sir. Your bill totals two thousand six hundred and fifty-eight yuan, including the phone and laundry.
That much?! Would you mind letting me have a look at it?
Not at all, sir. Here you are.
Thanks. Well, It seems to be right. How much is that in dollars, please?
Just a moment, sir. I'll calculate that for you. It comes to 305 dollars and 52 cents at today's exchange rate.
I see. OK. How would you like to make the payment?
In cash, please.
Here you are.
Thank you, sir... Here is your change. Could you check it, please? Thank you for choosing our hotel. I hope you enjoyed your stay.
By the way, please forward my mail to this address.
Certainly, sir. We hope you have a good trip.

Hi, Sam. I want to buy a pet. Do you have any ideas?
You really should go to Rachel's pet store.
why? anything special there?
it's more than special. You can find as many kinds of animals as you can put a name to and more.
Oh, really? are there any snakes?
snakes? there are even rodents and monkeys?! it's a world of exotic pets.
that's terrific. I can't wait to check it out.
Hang on. are you sure you want to keep a non-traditional pet?
why not? it's so cool.
but it will pose a risk to your health.
pardon?
i mean, most reptiles carry some harmful bacteria. they are likely to cause immune system problems.
well, I didn't realize that. I don't believe it's a good choice to keep those pets, especially for families with young children.
oh, I should have thought of my brother's baby girl. Maybe I'll just have a dog instead of an exotic pet.
yes, good luck, Maria.

I’m a new student. My name’s Robert. Nice to meet you.
My name’s Sophie. Are you French?
Yes, I’m. Are you French, too?
No, I’m not. What nationality are you?
I’m Italian. Are you a teacher?
No, I’m not. What’s your job?
I’m a keyboard operator. What’s your job?
I’m an engineer.

I can’t believe Obama is our President.
I am proud to know that he is our President.
You voted for him, right?
Did you vote for him, because I know that I did.
I did, too. I have nothing but faith in Obama.
Really? I’m sure he will help better America.
We do need some change in this country.
Our country is already changing as it is.
You’re absolutely right. I trust that he will take good care of our country.

Do you have a reservation, sir?
No, I’m afraid we don’t.
I’m sorry the restaurant is full now. You have to wait for about half an hour. Would you like to have a drink at the lounge until there’s a table available.
No, thanks, I’ll come back later. May I reserve a table for two?
Yes, of course. May I have your name, sir?
Bruce
By the way, can we have a table by the window?
we’ll try to arrange it, but I can’t guarantee sir.
That’s fine.
your table's ready, sir? Please step this way.

Do you have coffee shops in China, too?
Yes, of course. There are many tea houses and bars in China, too. People can drink, eat and relax at these places.
You like to go to these places, don’t you?
Yes, sometimes the music there is so beautiful. It is very romantic. I can stay there for hours.
Do you often go there alone?
No, I often go there with my friends.

Hi there?! I am looking for a new car. I have this old Ford Pinto that I would like to trade in.
I see. You are in luck this month because all of our models are on sale?! it is a perfect time to buy a new car since it’s the end of the year.
Perfect?!
I like this one.
That is the Ford Focus. A very light but powerful vehicle. It comes with dual side airbags, power steering and power windows, tinted windows and your choice of either automatic or manual transmission.
Sounds like a good car?! How many miles to the gallon?
It is a very fuel efficient vehicle giving you about 34 miles in the city and 40 on the highway.
That is really convenient. Especially now that fuel prices are so high?!
What’s under the hood?
A very powerful 2.5- liter turbocharged engine, Trust me, this car is fast?!
Now for the most difficult question. What is the price tag for this lovely vehicle?
Very affordable mam. You can take it out of this lot today with 0 % down payment and no interest for the first year?! You can test drive it now and we can sign the papers when we get back.
Great?! Let’s do it?!

I wonder if you could help me, I'm looking for a room.
Well, I have got a vacancy.
What sort of price are you asking?
Eight dolls fifty a week excluding laundry.
Would it be convenient to see the room?
Can you call back later? We're right in the middle of lunch.

Could you give me an expense report? I would like to attach the invoices for my phone bill this season.
Here you are. Do you need glue?
That is very kind of you. I’m just running out of glue.
You’re welcome.

IBA, Jane speaking. How can I help you?
Hello. I'd like to speak to someone regarding my card.
Sorry, I'm not quite sure if I understand. In what way, Sir? Has your card been stolen?
No, no. Nothing at all like that. It's just that I applied for a credit card with you a while ago, my application was accepted, but I'm still waiting for my card.
Oh, I see, Sir. Well, it does take 5 working days to issue and post the card.
Yes, my application was accepted last Friday. Now it's Wednesday, that's more than 5 days.
Sorry, Sir, but it's 5 working days. This does not include weekends, so your card should be with you later this week.
Of course?! How silly of me?! Yes, 5 working days would mean this Friday, at the earliest.
I see. I'm sorry to trouble you.
It's no trouble at all, Sir. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nothing, thanks. I again apologise for the misunderstanding, bye for now.

What can I do for you, sir?
We'd like to order breakfast for tomorrow morning.
Yes, sir. What would you like?
Orange juice, scrambled eggs, bacon, toast and coffee.
OK, and when shall I bring it here?
About seven thirty.By the way, could you also bring me tomorrow's papers?
Of course, sir.

What shall we do when we find a shortage in the shipment?
You should do one of the two things - either to lodge a claim with the shipowner or with the insurance company.
Shall we leave it to the brokers?
Yes. They usually do it. Do they charge for that?
Of course. In Europe, they charge a commission of 1 % of the amount of the claim for their service.
Is it the same in America?
They do the work without charge to the importer. It's part of their service, isn't it?
Exactly. Is it enough to claim with an on board bill of lading?
No, you must also obtain a statement from the shipping agent certifying that the goods were actually loaded on their vessel for shipment.
I see. By the way, how do we prove the ownership of our goods?
You must provide full original set of ocean bills of lading original insurance policy or certificate and the original commercia invoice.
I see. Thank you.
You are welcome.

I'll be on business for a couple of days, could you take care of your sister?
OK, Mum, when will you be back?
I'll be back in ten days.

Passport, please, madam.
Just a minute, please. It's in my bag. Here it is.
Thank you. Please fill out the Baggage Declaration Form.
All right. Shall I enter all my belongings?
No, only the articles listed on the Declaration.

I’m hungry, let’s go grab a bite to eat.
Yeah me too.
Oh?! Can we stop at the shop really fast? I lost my makeup bag at the airport and I want to pick up a few things.
Will you take long?
No?! Five minutes I promise?!
Come on?! We have been here for almost an hour?! I thought you said you were only going to get a few things?! How long does it take you to pick out a lipstick and some nail polish?!
Are you crazy? You have no idea what you are talking about?! Just for my eyes I have to get eye-liner, an eyelash curler, eye shadow, an eyebrow pencil and mascara. Then I need to get foundation, liquid foundation.
Whoa whoa whoa?! Are you nuts? How much is all this going to cost? I’m looking at the price at each one of these little things and it’s outrageous?! This is basically a crayon?!
What about you? You spend as much or more money on your razors, after shave, cologne and gel?! Not to mention how much you spend on clothes and...
Fine?! Get the stupid thirty dollar crayon?!

Can I borrow five bucks?
No?!
Come on?! I'll pay you back on Tuesday.
Last time I lent you money, you never paid me back.
I promise if you lend me five dollars today, I will repay you in full next week.
Ok, but I'm taking your skateboard as collateral.
Fine?! I can't believe you don't trust me.
It's nothing personal, just business.

May I help you, sir?
Yes, please. I'm looking for a cotton polo shirt.
Any particular colour?
Not really. How about this one?
I like the design, but don't particularly care for the colour. Do you have that in other colours, too?
Well, they come in white, pale yellow, aqua, red and green. Will a white one do?
Yes. I prefer white - and may I see a pale yellow one, too?
Why, of course. Let's see... White... Pale yellow. Here you are, sir.

I’m so surprised to meet you in this remote village. Long time no see.
Yeah. How are you these days?

You look terrific and in good shape.
Thank you. How do you keep fit?
I do yoga twice a weeks
Yoga? It sounds interesting.
It was hard at the beginning, but now feel it's really relaxing. It makes me flexible.
Anything else?
Yes, I often go swimming. Are you interested in swimming?
Yes, I like it very much.

Are you going home now?
No, I'm not. What are you going to do? Are you going to work late?
No, I'm not. I'm going to look for an apartment.
An apartment? Why?
I'm going to try to find a place near the office.
Where are you living now?
Out in the suburbs. It's a long trip to work every day.
How are you going to find an apartment?
I'm going to buy a newspaper and check the classified ads.
Apartments in the city are expensive.
I know, but I'm going to enroll in a night school to take a course in business management.

no, no, you helped me with my computer last week. I want to repay the favor.
no, it's definitely my turn to treat you... you paid last time?!
oh, that was just a quick bite to eat---that doesn't count?!
ok, ok, how about we just go Dutch?
It's settled.
Listen, I'm still pretty new around here, would it be alright if you found the restaurant?
ok... sure.

I am waiting for a fax but just now I found there’s something wrong with the fax machine.
What’s wrong with the fax machine? Is it urgent?
Yes, very urgent. And there is no other fax machine around. And the office of our boss is closed, so I can not use his machine either. And his secretary is out. Do you have any suggestion?
Either call this extension number 0085 or ask them to send the fax to you as e-mail, you print it out.

Hey, Jim. It's time to wake up and get out of bed.
Do I have to get up now?
You'd better get up, or you'll be late.
What're you talking about? My alarm even hasn't gone off yet.
Yes, it did. It went off thirty minutes ago. You slept right through it. You're like a dead person while you sleep.
I must have slept right through it.
Rise and shine?! Sleepyhead?!
Just let me sleep five more minutes.
The early bird gets the worm.
I know, I know. But I don't want any worms. Ha?! Ha?!
If you don't make an effort now, later on it'll be a lot tougher for you.

What shall we do tonight?
How about the cinema?
That's a good idea. We haven't seen a film for ages. What would you like to see?
Oh I don't know. Titanic?
Titanic? That old film? but I've seen it before?!

I’Ve been told you might have a vacant room.
Yes. I have a spare room.
How much are you asking?
10.00 dollars a night.
Could I see the room, please?
Sure.Come on in.

Sit down, please. What's wrong with you?
I feel cold, and I'm shivering. I have a terrible headache and a sore throat.
How long have you been like that?
About a day.
Let me have a look at your throat first. Please open your mouth and say " ah ".
Ah... And show me your tongue... Thank you. That'll do. You have slight tonsillitis, and your throat is inflamed. How is your appetite?
Not so good. Now, let me take your temperature. Please put this thermometer under your armpit and let me feel your pulse? Your pulse is weak.
Do I have a temperature, doctor?
Yes, you have a high fever. I'd like to give you a blood test.

Yikes?! What was that noise?
I had to blow my nose.
Did you have to blow right next to the phone? Did you hear that?
Of course I heard that. I thought a plane had crashed into your house.
It wasn't that loud.
I will blow my nose sometime for you, and you'll see.
Okay. I'll take your word for it. I thought you had an elephant in your house.
You're funny.
What did you say? I think I've gone deaf.
I'm going into the bathroom to blow my nose. I'll be right back.

Can I have the check please?
Right away, sir.
Is this amount correct?
Yes, sir, it is.
Thank you, the service was good
Please come again.

Nowadays fewer and fewer people go to the movie theaters to see films. So I am afraid that the film studios are really getting hard time to survive.
What you said is true. But the film producers there are more flexible ways to get more audience. For example, to make more movie Ccds, so people will spend money buying them. But it is true that cinemas are losing the attraction they used to have in the past.
Yes. Take myself for example. I seldom go to cinemas, but it doesn't mean I no longer see films ; instead, I see films at home-watching Ccds.

Okay, well I’m sure you have a number of questions to ask me regarding the position.
Yes, well Miss Childs did give mean overview of the position over the phone, but there were some details I’d like to clarify.
Well feel free to ask me anything, and I’ll try to fill in the details. Could I first ask about the remuneration package?
Yes, of course. That’s quite an important point, isn’t it? As a junior sub editor we offer a starting salary of 150,000 HK dollars per annum. This doesn’t include a generous housing allowance also.
I understand. And are there other bonuses included?
Well, apart from full health insurance we do offer a company staff bonus scheme linked to readership numbers. But we could go through all the details of that at a later date.
Well, Mr. Parsons, I am flexible when it comes to salary. The opportunity to work in Hong Kong for you is the most important thing for me.
Excellent. Well, what other questions do you have Rebecca?

We need to take the accounts system offline to carry out the upgrade. But don't worry, it won't cause too much inconvenience. We're going to do it over the weekend.
How long will the system be down for?
We'll be taking everything offline in about two hours' time. It'll be down for a minimum of twelve hours. If everything goes according to plan, it should be up again by 6 pm on Saturday.
That's fine. We've allowed forty-eight hours to be on the safe side.

Welcome to IBA. Can I help you?
Yes, please. I'm here for an International Settlement. Our company has to effect payment, and it needs to be done today. Here's the advice slip for the payment.
Thanks. I'm sorry to say that you need to get this stamped. There is no stamp on this slip and it is essential before I can process it for you.
I see. So, I need to stamp it. And sign it too?
Yes, that's right. Down here, at the bottom right hand corner to show that you agree to pay the printed amount.
I'll go back to the office and get it sorted and pop back later.
Thanks, bye for now.

That's the warehouse where the large items of office equipment are stored. If I ordered a desk today, how would it be before I got delivery in Scotland?
Well, I think perhaps you'd better speak to our Production Manager, Mr. Yao. You'll meet him when we go over to the factory.

Excuse me. I have just missed the connection plane due to the heavy fog in London. Can I change my ticket now?
Please Show your ticket and passport.
Here you are.
Which flight do you want to change?
The next one to my destination. I have to be there as soon as possible.

Hi, can I speak with the apartment manager, please?
Hello, this is the apartment manager speaking.
I'm calling about the apartment for rent on Main Street.
Would you be interested in seeing the apartment?
I would love to see it.
Are you free today at around 6 p. m.?
Yes, I will be able to make it then.
Well, I'll see you at 6 p. m. Do you know how to get there?
I used to live in that area.
I'll give you an application form when I see you.
That sounds good. Do I need to bring anything?
No. Just bring yourself.

Good afternoon. Welcome to China. May I see your passport, customs and health declaration form?
Yes, here you are.
Thank you. W hat's your occupation, Mr. Smith?
I'm the general manager of the Far-East Industry Corporation. You are here on business, aren't you?
Yes, I have been invited by the East Import
I see. Do you have anything to declare?
Yes, I have some foreign currency to declare.
Would you please fill out this currency declaration form? It's a record of the foreign currency you have brought in.
All right.

How much does it cost for a bus pass?
It'll be $ 65 for a monthly pass.
Is there anything cheaper than that?
If you're in school, you can get a student pass.
Well, I am how much will that cost?
The pass is free.
I don't have to pay for anything?
You'll only have to pay for the monthly sticker.
How much is the monthly sticker?
It's $ 24 for each month.
I'll take the student bus pass.
Okay, I'll get you one.

I see there are some workmen on the site. When is the building work due to start?
Well, it'll take three weeks to demolish the old building and clear away the debris. We should be ready to start the construction work in week 23.
How long will the sub contractors be on site?
About ten weeks in total if everything goes according to plan.
I'm sure it will.
So, we should be able to start moving the machinery in during week 34.
I'll confirm that date with our suppliers.

Andrew's Hair Salon, this is Andrew.
Andrew, this is Linda Chen.
Hi Linda, what can I do for you?
I need to set up an appointment to get my hair fixed.
For what day?
Tuesday morning.

Have you bought a bus pass yet?
I'm not getting one.
Why is that?
It's cheaper if I don't buy one.
Buying a bus pass will save you money. How do you figure that?
There's no limit to how often you can use your bus pass.
Really? Plus, you don't have to use change for the bus anymore.
I like that.
You want to buy one now?
I'm going to.

Are you ready to order, sir?
Yes, I would like a roast duck and my friend wants steaks.
How do you like your steaks?
I'd like it medium-well.
OK, sir, wait a minute.

Hello, I want to know how much it costs to have a manicure and pedicure.
Usually it's 60 dollars for a manicure, and 80 dollars for a pedicure. But with this special discount, the total for both is only one hundred and 20 dollars, and you can get them painted.
That's nice. I'd like to give it a try. I think I like passion red. please.
Alright.Do you want your cuticles cut, too?
No. Would you like the shapes square or round?
Square. But with round at the edges, please.
All right, it's done. Please follow me to the drying section. How long will it take to get them dry?
Ten or about five minutes. You'll be all set.
I see, thank you.

Hello, this is Lucy. May I speak to Mr. Smith?
Oh, hello, Lucy. What's up?
I'm afraid I can't come to work today, Mr. Smith.
Oh, what's wrong with you?
I've got a fever and a very sore throat.
Well, you sound ill over the phone.
Yes. I have to stay in bed today, but I'll be able to come tomorrow.
That's all right. Have a good rest until you feel well enough.
Thank you, Mr. Smith. Goodbye.
Goodbye, Lucy.

Waiter, we have been waiting for 20 minutes. Would you mind hurrying?
I am sorry, sir, the fish you ordered will take a longer time because we make it with fresh fish.
That's fine. Would you please bring me some wine?
Sure, is dry white wine OK?
Yes.
Thank you.

Hi Bob, I won't be in work tomorrow.
Why, what's the problem?
I have a dentist appointment.
Okay.

I've come about your wools. According to our market survey, wools are likely to find a ready market in our country.
Wonderful?! We can meet your requirements and the offer is ready for you. Here it is. The unit price is USD 15.00 per kilogram.
Do you quote CIF or FOB?
It's FOB Shanghai. Could you quote the price of CIF Hamburg?
Certainly, that's easy. We will work out our CIF offer this evening. Could you come again tomorrow, say, at 10 AM?
Okay, see you tomorrow?!

Hi?! Do you want a fill-up?
Yes, please. Which type of gas do you want? Regular, Super, or Premium Unleaded?
What's the price difference?
Regular is $ 1.15, Super is $ 1.25 and Premium is $ 1.39.
Just fill it up with Regular, Unleaded, please. Do you want me to check the tires and the fluids?
Yes, I would. Thanks a lot.

Is your father in the habit of having naps?
Yes, all of us have naps.
Don't you feel dizzy when you have to get up?
No, not at all.

Excuse me. I need some storybooks in easy English. Do you have anything likethat?
Well, there are a lot of storybooks upstairs in our children's section. Some are written for young children, others for teens. Maybe some of them will suit your needs.
I'll go take a look. Thanks for your help.
You're welcome.

Good morning. I need to speak with the property manager, please.
Good morning. You are speaking to the property manager.
While it was raining last night, water started leaking in from the ceiling.
Was it leaking in the bedroom?
It was in the living room.
Can you tell me which floor you are on?
We are on the bottom floor.
I would like to look at the leak. Will you be home this morning?
Yes, someone will be here to let you in.
Just in case you have to leave, we will just use the master key.

How much is your last salary?
I have earned 10,000 a year including bonuses.
How much do you want us to pay you?
I like to be paid more than that. Hopefully, 150,000 a year.
To be honest, I left the company to get more income.

I hope you can help. I've got a bit of a problem with your ATM.
Of course, that's my job. Oh, dear. What's happened?
Well, it's eaten my card?! It won't give it back?!
I see... calm down, don't worry. May I ask what were you doing when it took your card?
Yes. I was only entering my PIN. I'm terrible at remembering it, I'm so forgetful, you see.
Mmmm... and exactly how many times did you enter it, please?
Maybe three times. As I said, I always forget it.
Ah?! Don't worry ; it's just a security measure. If someone uses a card and cannot get the right PIN after three attempts, the bank keeps the card in case it's stolen. Just contact the bank and we'll get it back to you.
Oh, I see. So if I call my branch they can sort everything out for me?
Yes, they'll be happy to help. Believe me, it happens to many people.
I'd better try harder to memorise my PIN in future. Thanks.

Is this the counter to pick up parcels?
Yes, it is. I want to pick up my parcels.
Please show me your parcel order.
OK. Here you are.
Let me check your parcel number. Song Ping's parcel number should be CP 06230221 5 CN.
Here is your parcel.
Thank you.
Not at all.

Hi Brittany. What are you doing with all of your clothes on your bed?
I'm trying to decide what to wear to school the first day.
Oh, A. Mom didn't tell you?
Didn't tell me what?
What? This Bs' school you're going to is going to make your life easy.
What are you talking about brother? Spill it.
Uniforms, sis, no more worrying about appearances?!
You mean I have to wear the same thing every day?
MOM?!

What would you like for your main dish?
Steak, please.
How would you like it?
Medium rare, please.
Anything else, sir? May I have a glass of red wine, please?
Of course.

Mr. Smith, do you like the hotel we booked?
Yes, we do. We like it very much.
I've come to make sure that your stay in Beijing is a pleasant one.
Thank you so much.

David, we have been doing business for three years, haven't we?
Yes, I'm glad we've had very pleasant cooperation in the previous years.
And your achievement for promoting our clothes was great in the three years. So, I wish to apply for the sole agency of your product in our local market. If you give us the agency, that will be more substantial for our cooperation.
To be frank, you are not the only one who applies for an agent for us in your country. I'd like to know some ideas of terms on which you would be willing to operate as our agent.
As we are a well-established company, we are very familiar with the customers' needs. Besides, we can make full use of our good connections with the wholesalers and retailers here and develop a good market for your products if appointed as your agent.
Sounds reasonable. I will tell my boss about you agent application. Another question, what do you think is the minimum annual sales you can guarantee?
To be on the safe side, and for garment of all materials, sizes, and styles, I think the amount will be 50,000 pieces a year.
Well. As our sole agency, you will neither handle the same or similar products of other origins nor re-export our goods to any other area outside your own.
No, certainly not.

Excuse me. I bought this circulator here yesterday but it doesn't work.
Oh, let's see what's wrong.

Where can I find the produce?
Aisle A is where you'll find all the produce.
What sales do they have today?
I'm sure something is on sale. Please check with the produce person.

Hello, this is Steven from Blue Sky Co. May I speak to Mr. James?
Speaking.
Excuse my troubling you. You purchased our products last year and now I am following up to find out about their workings. Are they still in good condition now?
Yeah, exactly?! I bought them last year. En... at present, they are still in good state.
That's it?! All of them have first-class quality and performance. Besides, we adopt advanced technology. Now we have developed new products. They are much better than what you have bought.
Your company is developing so fast. Maybe later on I will plan to buy more.
That's great?! Thanks for your support. If any, please remember to call us.
I am afraid I have to say goodbye now?!
Bye, Mr. James?!
Bye?!

Ms.Dawson, I need you to take a dictation for me.
Yes, sir... This should go out as an intra-office memorandum to all employees by this afternoon.Are you ready?
Yes, sir.Go ahead.
Attention all staff... Effective immediately, all office communications are restricted to email correspondence and official memos.The use of Instant Message programs by employees during working hours is strictly prohibited.
Sir, does this apply to intra-office communications only? Or will it also restrict external communications?
It should apply to all communications, not only in this office between employees, but also any outside communications.
But sir, many employees use Instant Messaging to communicate with their clients.
They will just have to change their communication methods. I don't want any - one using Instant Messaging in this office.It wastes too much time?! Now, please continue with the memo.Where were we?
This applies to internal and external communications.
Yes.Any employee who persists in using Instant Messaging will first receive a warning and be placed on probation.At second offense, the employee will face termination.Any questions regarding this new policy may be directed to department heads. Is that all?
Yes.Please get this memo typed up and distributed to all employees before 4 pm.

Do you have everything?
Let's see... my ID card, my passport, and my suitcase. I'm pretty sure I've got everything.

This is Dunlin. Is this Mrs Smith speaking?
Yes, what can I do for you?
I just want to call and say thank you for letting me interview yesterday.
You are welcome, Mr. Sun.
And I also want to know what the status is of the position.
Sorry, we haven't made the decision at all. But we should be making the decision by the end of this week. And we'll get in touch with you once we make it.
Do you have any questions we didn't cover in the interview?
No. Thank you, I am looking forward to hearing from you. Bye-bye.
Thank you for the calling. Bye-bye.

I often sneeze after having a bad itch inside my nose. Sometimes this is accompanied by an itching throat.
Any other discomfort?
Yes. Sometimes I can notice a constriction in the chest and shortness of breath after a fit of sneezing. And I often suffer from a running nose with a profuse watery discharge.
Does it occur seasonally or all year round?
It has been seasonal during these past three years.
Are you sensitive to other things?
Yes, things like seafood and penicillin-type drugs.
OK. Let me examine your nose. According to your case history and the examination, I believe that it's allergic rhinitis.
What useful treatment can you offer?
I'll give you a series of specific skin tests. Then we'll know exactly what substances you're allergic to. Then I'll give you some causes of desensitization therapy.

Miss, would you like to try this free sample of our new suntan cream?
Sure, why not?
This is a new product of company this year. It's oil-free.
I see. It feels very light on the skin.
It gives your skin a very natural healthy look. I like the cool smell, too.

So how can I make it?
First you make a list of what you wanna buy...
But I’Ve gotta have the budge before anything else.
Well, that’s a problem, isn’t it?

Did you have a part-time job when you were still in school?
No, I was way too busy studying all the time. How about you?
Yeah, I worked about twenty hours a week in a pizza restaurant.
What was that like?
It was always very busy there. What did you do?
I stood behind the register and took pizza orders.
Did you get any perks on the job?
Yeah, I got to eat as much pizza as I could for free.

Okay. I'd like to change some euro into US dollars, please.
Sure. How much would you like to change?
Six hundred euro.
Very good. May I see your passport?
Here you are.
How would you like your bills?
In fifties please.

Why are you reading the classifieds? What do you need?
I'm looking for a bookcase, but I don't want to buy a new one.
Are you having any luck?
Not really. There aren't any used bookcases listed. But there are a few rummage sales on Saturday. I think I'll go to them.
Do you mind if I go with you?
Not at all. These private sales are great places to bargain. And sometimes you can find terrific things among all the junk.
I learned to negotiate from my mother. I thought I was pretty good at bargaining, but I had a problem the other day at Kimble's Department Store.
What happened?
I wanted to buy a beautiful wool sweater for my girlfriend. It was priced at forty dollars, so I started by offering the salesclerk thirty.

Do you do a lot of your shopping online?
Not really. I like looking on the internet at what’s available, but I usually prefer to actually see and touch what I’m buying before I pay for it. Sometimes, I’ll look at something in a shop, but lat No. I’m a little worried about security. You never know who’s trying to find out your codes and passwords. Aren’t you worry about that?
Not really. I know that it happens, but if you buy from reputable companies with secure websites, you should be ok.
Even though I use online shopping facilities, I don’t think it’s the best way to sho
I’m surprised to hear you say that. I thought you loved anything technological.
I do. I’m a big fan of using new technology, but I don’t want to sit in front of a computer screen all day. I think people need to get out and interact with other people. So, how about coming to the department store with me? I want to see if there are any new summer clothes on sale yet.
Sure. I’d love to join you. Can we stop by the computer store? I just want to see if they have something.
Sure. While you’re in the computer store. I will visit the book store opposite. I like to browse through their books and see if they have anything interesting.
Ok. I’Ve finished online. Let’s go.
I’ll just get some money and my credit card.
Thanks for reminding me. I had forgotten to get mine.

Please help yourself at your dishes. I hope you’ll enjoy what you’Ve got.
It suits my taste. You are really a good cook.
Would you like to try my special recipe?
Wow, let me try. It tastes nice.
How did you make it?
It’s as easy as pie. I always follow recipes.

Mr. Dick. Does the recommendation of the university play an important role?
Yes. In fact, the recommendation letter written by the university is an indirect self-recommendation. In the long period of cooperation, the university has established good relationship with the companies or organizations, they trust each other well. If your university recommends you, you can be approved more easily.
But I find that most of the recommendation letters written by universities are the same. So I doubt its authority.
More and more persons have the same discoveries since most universities do that in order to save energy. If your university also does like this, you can look for other methods, because such kinds of recommendations say nothing for you. Could you tell me whether or not I send out my resume with it?
It depends. If it has something special or useful, I suggest you send it out.

Taylor, can you tell me how to apply for a job on the Internet?
Just fill out an application. Do I have to send an E-mail?
You are expected to know the E-mail address of the unit.
But I still don't know which unit is in need of staff. Send out an application through Job-wanted on the website.
Can any unit see my information?
It's a two-way choice. And your application will be read.
Which websites offer this service?
Sina, 21st Century Talent Net, and a few others.
Thank you.

Don’t throw your weight around. I can’t bear you any more.
I dare you to say that again.

Were you a leader when you were in college?
Yes. I was Propaganda department minister of our university.
Did you get any honors or awards at your university?
No. It’s a pity about it.
Were you involved in any club activities at your university?
Yes. I was a member of the basketball Society. I like playing basketball.
What extracurricular activities did you usually take part in at your college?
I sometimes played basketball and sometimes played football.

You want to argue your ticket today?
Yes. That is why I'm here.
Tell me your argument.
I was pulled over for allegedly speeding.
Are you sure you weren't speeding?
To be honest, I really wasn't.
What speed were you going?
I was under the speed limit. I was going 35, when the speed limit was 40.
I'm just going to let you go, since the arresting officer isn't here.
What about my ticket? Do I still need to pay?
Don't worry about it.
I'm so glad for your help.

Annie, do you like shopping online?
Yes, I like it, because it's convenient. Last week, I tried to buy a new cellphone online, but I didn't know how to pay for it.
First, you should open an account at the online bank. After that, you can buy anything you want online.
Are there many things online?
Sure. You can find everything all over the world. Let's check it out online?!
( They log in a shopping website. ) That's amazing. Oh, an on line virtual supermarket? Let's click to check it out. Oh, I got it. It simulates the real supermarket, which makes it feel so real.
Mom will love it. She loves shopping in supermarkets.

Ah, Bob. Just the person I wanted to see.
So what is it?
You gotta help me out this time, buddy.
Another tough thing, I guess.

Hey?! What happened??! My song was only half way through and it skipped to the next song.
I don't know what happened?! You cancelled the song, didn't you, Jack?
No, I didn't.
Really?! Then, is the machine broken or...

Good evening, Do you have a reservation?
Yes. The reservation under Mr. Watson.
Ah, yes, a table for four at 8 Em, no, thanks. I think we'll go straight to the table, By the way. may I check my overcoat here?
Certainly, sir. We'll keep it in the cloakroom for you. Here is your number. When you leave, show it to the waiter behind the counter, please.
Thank you. Could you show us to our table now? Would you please follow me, please?
Thank you. This is your table. It's Number 10.

Hello, ma’am. Can I help you? I’m looking for a sweater.
What size are you looking for?
Well, I’m looking for size 10 but you don’t have it.
How about this one? I think it looks terrific on you.
Yes, I like the color. Can I try it on?
Sure. The fitting room is on your right.
It fits well. I like it a lot. What do you think?
You look pretty in red.
Oh, it’s my favorite. How much is it?
$ 29.99.
Okay. I’ll take it. Thank you very much for your help.
You’re welcome.

Do you have any cars available?
We have only one mid-size car left.
Great, what's the rate per day?
It's 40 $ plus tax per day on limited mileage.
I'm going to need it for three days. Can I see your driver's license?
Sure, here is my driver's license.
Please sign here.

Are you ready to order? I think that we have a pretty good idea of what we would like to order.
Let me tell you about the specials of the day, which are chicken in a wine sauce with capers, and grilled garlic shrimp.
I was wondering if the chef could leave off the sauce.
The chef would be happy to accommodate your special requests.
I am a vegetarian. Do you have any vegetarian selections?
You could choose the roasted vegetable and garlic pizza or the goat cheese and candied walnut salad.
I think that we will split the roasted vegetable and garlic pizza.
That is a good selection, and I can bring your salads now or serve them with your entree.
You can bring us our salads when you bring us our entree.

I can't open this email attachment our Paris office has sent me. Are you sure you're using the right program?
Well, yes it's definitely the same program but I might have the wrong version. Their system is newer than ours.
That's why you can't open it. You'll have to upgrade before you can read the file.

What kind of character do you think you have?
Generally speaking, l am an open-minded person.
What is your strongest trait?
Cheerfulness and friendliness.
How would your friends or colleagues describe you?
They say Mr. Sun is a friendly, sensitive, caring and determined person.
What personality do you admire?
I admire a person who is honest, flexible and easy-going.
How do you get along with others?
I get on well with others.

Hi, I need to make an appointment to see the doctor.
What seems to be the problem?
I have a rash that I need a doctor to look at.
Do you have a fever with that rash?
No, it just itches a lot.
I have openings on Tuesday or Wednesday. Which would be best for you?
I need an appointment on Tuesday.
Fine, I am putting you down for 9
I would like to see Dr. Jones.
I can schedule you with him with no problem.
We look forward to seeing you.

Wow?! What's the hold up?
It’s probably just people trying to get an early start out of the city for the weekend. Nobody sticks around in the summer.
Really? Then, I guess I won’t have a hard time finding a room or getting a cab?
Actually, you might because there’s a big convention in town this weekend.
I’m not too worried about it. I always seem to find something.

Hello, how can I help you today?
I'd like to withdraw some money from my account.
Please fill out this slip stating how much you wish to withdraw.
Well, actually, it's quite a substantial amount. Here's my Bank Book. Will that cause a problem?
On your account there is no limit to over the counter withdrawals, it won't cause a problem.
Here's your money, 10,000 RIB. Please count it before you leave.
Yes, that seems to be all in order. Thanks very much.

Quality is very important to us. We work to very low tolerance levels. We need to have guaranteed supplies of consistently high quality raw materials. Over the years we've built up very good relationships with our suppliers.
Do you have many different suppliers?
Yes. There are about fifty names on our approved supplier list, but for raw materials we tend to deal with three local companies.

Mary, can you tell me how you keep in shape?
You'll never be in shape until you eat less and take more exercise. Now, tell me what you often eat.
I often eat fish and eggs. Do you eat a lot of vegetables?
Oh yes, and fruits. I love fruits very much.
What do you like to drink?
Well, I never drink alcohol, coffee or tea. Whatever would you like to drink?
I drink a lot of milk. I drink milk almost every day. How often do you exercise?
Well, I walk every day. It's a good diet and a regular exercise.
Yes, quite right.

I am sorry, but I cannot stay for the rest of class today.
Why do you need to leave early?
I don’t feel so good. What doesn’t feel right?
I feel as if I am going to be sick to my stomach.
Perhaps you should get checked out at the Student Health Center before you go home.
I have some medicine at home that I could take.
Are you going to be OK to drive home, or would you like someone to go with you?
Thank you, but my friend is in the library, and he can give me a ride home.
We hope that you are feeling better soon. E-mail me if you have any questions.

Your boyfriend is so considerate to you. When do you plan to marry?
It’s still up in the air. There is something wrong between us.

We're considering of ordering 200 computers, but I'm wondering about the price you'll possibly offer.
Our price will be not less than $ 5000.
Your price is higher than I expected. Could you give us a little discount?
This is already our best price. But the price is always negotiable and you should consider our quantity of order.
Well, what would you suggest? Could you make it $ 4500?
I'm afraid that there is no room to negotiate the price. This is the best price we can quote.
Can we meet each other half way?
What do you mean? Let's close the deal at $ 4800, OK?
You drive a hard bargain?! OK, that's a deal.

I'm now on the Songshan airport getting ready for departure. I realized that I might have left my watch.
Yes, Ma'am. May I have your name and room number?
My name is Terry. I stayed last night in your hotel in room 132. What kind of watch is it?
It's a brand-new Seiko wrist watch.
Yes, we have it.
Oh, I'm glad to hear that. Would you kindly send it to the Hilton Hotel?

What are your thoughts on the apartment?
I think that it’s absolutely gorgeous.
There aren’t any problems with the apartment?
I think that the apartment looks very nice, but I do see some problems.
What problems?
I did notice a few stains in the carpet.
We will have the carpet cleaned before you move in.
You will?
Yes, but other than that, are there any more problems?
That was the only thing that I saw that was wrong with the apartment.
I’m happy that you find this apartment so appealing.
It is. I love it.

That China-gown of Tang-Dynasty style is so beautiful. Would you show it to me, please?
Absolutely. Here it is.
Could I try it on?
Please do, the fitting-room is over there.
It feels a little tight around the waist. Do you have a bigger one?
I'm sorry. We don't have this color in your size. We have some green ones in your size. Would you please have a look at this green one?
OK. How much does it cost?
It's 486 yuan.
Mmm, it is reasonable.

Mrs. Wang, would you give us an idea of the price you regard as workable?
As I said before, your price is so high that we find it difficult to make a bid. We hope you will take the initiative and bridge the gap.
Just to comply, we're ready to reduce the price by 5 percent. I hope this concession of ours will get the ball rolling.
So do we. Certainly it's a step forward on your side. But the gap is still too wide.
The ball is in your court, Mrs.Wang. What price would you suggest?
To make your offer workable, I think you should take another step down as big as the one you've just taken.
That won't do. You see, our profit margin is very narrow. It simply can't stand such a big cut.
I hate to disappoint you, Mr. Brown, but if that's the case, we have no alternative but to cover our requirements elsewhere.
Do think it over, please. We sincerely hope our discussion will come to a successful conclusion.
Well, I'm not authorized to agree to such a big reduction. Would you mind waiting a day or two, until I get a reply from the home office?
Not at all. Shall we meet again, say, on Friday morning?
Good. Friday morning at 9.

Good morning. Good morning.This is Mary.Can I speak to Anne please?
I’m sorry She isn’t in at the moment. She will come back at half past nineCan I take a message for her?
Thank you.But I will call her later
OK.Goodbye.
Goodbye.

Hi, Jane. How are you doing this morning?
I’m all right, thanks. Just a little tired.
Late night?
Yeah, I got home around two.

We've been waiting here for nearly ten minutes now, and there still isn't a bus in sight. I'm afraid we'll be late for the party. Have you got the time, Tom?
Yes, my watch says a quarter to seven. but there is something wrong with my watch?!
But you bought it only last month.
Yes, but ever since I bought it, it gains about five minutes a day, so I' Ve got to have it repaired.
How long will it take us to get there?
I think about ten minutes by bus.
It's not far away, then. Let's walk, it's beginning to rain.
Wait?! I think I see a bus coming now.
Let's hope it's the No. 22 bus.

Hi, Mr. Smith. I'm Doctor Hawkins. Why are you here today?
I found it would be a good idea to get a check-up.
Yes, well, you haven't had one for 5 years. You should have one every year.
I know. I figure as long as there is nothing wrong, why go see the doctor?
Well, the best way to avoid serious illnesses is to find out about them early. So try to come at least once a year for your own good.
Ok. Let me see here. Your eyes and ears look fine. Take a deep breath, please. Do you smoke, Mr. Smith?
Yes.
Smoking is the leading cause of lung cancer and heart disease, you know. You really should quit.
I've tried hundreds of times, but I just can't seem to kick the habit.
Well, we have classes and some medications that might help. I'll give you more information before you leave.
Ok, thanks doctor.

Good afternoon. Mr. Tylor's office?
I'm afraid you've got the wrong extension.
I'm sorry, but could you please transfer this call to Mr. Tylor's office?
Sure, please hold on.
Thank you. Now Mr. Tylor's on the line. Go ahead, please.
You are so kind, you helped me a lot.
You are welcome. Bye?!

Good afternoon, Lexington Software. Angelina Dawson, how can I help?
Hello, this is Quinn from IBA.
Ah, hello Quinn. Oh dear, you are calling to tell me there is a problem, aren't you?
I'm afraid so, yes.
Hmm... well, it was my first attempt?! Is it a very big mistake, or can we just alter it?
Unfortunately it's rather a big mistake.
What do you recommend we do?
I would recommend we scrap this one and you bring in another set as soon as possible.
I trust your judgement. Thank you, Quinn. I'll be back tomorrow with a new set. Bye for now.

Oh?!?!?! I have a horrible toothache.
You should go to the dentist.
I hate dentists.
Well, suffer then. If you have a toothache, you have to go to the dentist. It always hurts.
I hate going.
Stop being such a baby. If it really hurts that much, just let them knock you out.
O. K., O. K., I’ll go.
Good. You'll feel better after you do.

Hi, I would like to purchase a one way ticket to Brussels, please.
Certainly sir, this is our train schedule. We have an express train departing every morning and an overnight train that departs at nine pm.
How long does it take to get there?
About twelve hours. We currently have tickets available only for first class on the express train. If you’d like, you can choose a sleeper on the overnight train which is a bit less expensive.
Yeah, I think that is the best option. Do you serve food on the train? Twelve hours is such a long time?!
Yes, of course. There is a dining car towards the front of the train where they serve meals at all times. We do provide complimentary water and coffee for all of our passengers.
Great?! I’ll take it. Here you are sir. Your train leaves from platform number nine at nine on the dot. Remember to be here at least thirty minutes before your scheduled departure time or else you might miss your train?!
I understand. Thank you very much?! Have a great trip.

I would like to take a trip to the beach this weekend.
A trip to the beach would be fun. How is the weather going to be?
The forecast says that it will be warm on the weekend.
So do you think it'll be perfect weather for the beach?
It sounds like it will be. I really hope it doesn't get cold. That would ruin things, I want to go so badly.
The weather in California is unpredictable, so you never know.
That is true. The weather is constantly changing. It would be nice if the weather would never change.
That would be great, then we could plan things sooner. True.
Predictable weather would make life easier.

Some companies use to ban dating among employees, but now they have realized it is something in avertable. People spend so much time at work. It is not surprising for one to have a crash on the other. If we think positively, office love can be beneficial to company.
Beneficial? I don’t think so. If two employees get married, they will leave at the same time for a honeymoon, or later one of them will stay at home taking care of babies. If they break up, the company will probably have to relocate one of them to make the workplace more comfortable. By any means, the company must spare extra efforts to solve problems brought by an office dating.
But if two employees are in love, they will be happy. Happy people are more productive. If they develop an intimate relation with each other, they are willing to share knowledge and experience. It can help to improve work efficiency.
I doubt that.

Do you eat a lot of healthy food?
Compared with healthy food, unhealthy food just tastes so much better. And anyway, I believe if you live a low stress Life and are active, you can get away with eating whatever you like. It's all in the mind.
You have the point. I think cancer is caused by more worry than by the things we consume. Some good things you should try are cranberry juice, wild rice and yoghurt.
What's special about these things?
Cranberry juice is very good for destroying harmful bacteria in your guts because it's very acidic. Wild rice is high in fibre so it's good for your guts and it's high in protein and minerals-I think it's also tastier than normal rice. Yoghurt's good because it's also rich in protein, vitamins and is also acidic. People have been making yoghurt for thousands of years and if you have it every day, your guts will be much more settled.
Thanks. I'm going to follow your advice and pop down to the supermarket right now.

I've been so tired recently. I've been trying, but I don't think I'm up to this job.
You need to take a break, maybe a vacation. Oh, yes, indeed. I've run out of steam.
To be honest, I want to be in a different environment.
Is that so?
Yes, I don't want to be stuck in a rut. I want to move on.
Have you decided?
Yes. I want to get a better job.
Could you tell me why you want to quit?
I quit just because of the dissatisfying salary and the trouble in getting along with my colleagues.
Oh, that's terrible. Do you want to get a higher salary in our company?
I'm afraid not. I've promised my girlfriend. We'll travel southwards to find a job that offers higher pay.
OK, I'd like to say that I've really enjoyed working with you. However, I think you should work harder for your new job and then you can ask for higher pay.
Thank you so much for your advice. And every best wish for your new job.
Thank you.

The train is leaving. Hurry up?! Which car are we in?
Let me see. Oh, No. 11. Here we are, Car 11. Let's get in.
Seats No. 20 and 21. It’s nice that we’Ve got a window seat.
Let's put our suitcases on the rack.
Oh, the baggage rack is full. Put them under the seat for the time being.
All right.

So, how should we get to the theatre? Let's take the bus.
I hate the bus system in London?! The bus drivers are rude, the buses are never on time, and there are few people around who can help you.
It's not that bad. You probably just had a bad experience once.
It wasn't just once. Every single time I take the bus, something bad happens to me or to someone else on the bus.
We could take the subway, but we'd have to go three stops along one line and then change trains twice. Train fares are twice as expensive as the bus fare, too.
If we don't hurry up, we'll miss the show. Should we take the bus?
We're already late, so I think we had better take a taxi.
I don't think we'll be able to find a taxi very easily during hush hours. Let's just take the bus.
Fine. Have a look at the timetable to find out when the next one arrives.
It looks like it should be here in just a few minutes. don't worry. Nothing bad will happen. I'll even buy your ticket for you.
Thanks, that was nice of you.
See, now something good has happened to you on a bus trip?!

Let's go over this plan again. From Vancouver, we bike along the border all the way to Winnipeg. And that is mostly flat, right?
Relatively, once we're out of Alberta, anyway. Then it's hills again in Aitoba.
And from Winnipeg we go around the lakes through Toronto, right?
That's right. And up in to Quebec. And that's where we stop.
It doesn't sound like that much when we go over the plan but that's a long, long ride. Are you ready for the cross country of a lifetime?

Good morning, sir. What can I do for you?
I'm Bill. I'm in Room 908. Can you change the room for me? It's too noisy. My wife was woken up several times by the noise the baggage elevator made. She said it was too much for her.
I'm awfully sorry, sir. I do apologize. Room 908 is at the end of the corridor. It's possible that the noise is heard early in the morning when all is quiet.
Anyhow, I'd like to change our room.
No problem, sir. We'll manage it, but we don't have any spare room today. Could you wait till tomorrow? The American People-to-people Education Delegation will be leaving tomorrow morning. There'll be some rooms for you to choose from.
All right. I hope we'll be able to enjoy our stay in a quiet suite tomorrow evening and have a sound sleep.
Be sure. I'll make a note of that. Everything will be taken care of. And if there is anything more you need, please let us know.

It's time for bed.
I'm not ready to go to sleep. I'm not tired.
It's quite late, and you have an early day tomorrow.
I'm not going to be able to fall asleep.
Why don't you try counting sheep?
I've tried that before. It really doesn't work.
That's beside the point, you still need to go to bed.
Why can't I just stay up until I fall asleep?
If I let you do that, then you're just going to be up all night.
I promise I'll go to sleep soon.
No, you're going to sleep now, so good night.
See you in the morning.

I see myself as being honest, diligent, persevering and creative. And I have a strong sense of responsibility.
How about your psychological resilience?
I think I can work well under pressure, if necessary.
How would you deal with those who are not easy to get along with?
I will just be sincere and friendly to others, and I believe they will treat me the same way.
You seem to be a kind-hearted lady.
Thank you. I simply believe the goodness of human nature.
Please tell me your weaknesses if you can.
I should admit that sometimes I care too much about the details. I am always in pursuit of perfection.

Karen? I need to go over a few things with you.
Certainly. Mr. Graham. When would you like to meet?
I was thinking about this afternoon, after the sales meeting.
Fine. At 3:30?

I believe we' Ve met before. My name's David.
Yes, at your company, I think. I'm Frank.
Oh, I remember now.Very nice to meet you again.
Nice meeting you, too.

I made my little brother cry.
Shame on you?!

I need some mascara. Do you have good thickening mascara?
Of course. Here is our thickening mascara. We also have mascara designed to lengthen the eyelashes.
Alright. And I want to consider your eye shadow too. Do you have a color chart can look at?
We have a very wide selection of colors. And our eye shadow is specially designed to moisturize the skin. So it is very gentle on your eyelids. Would you like to sample some?
Oh, sure I will need to clean off my own eye shadow first.
I can help you with that.
Thank you.

Is this the baggage claim area for flight KB256?
Yes, we are on the same plane.
But I am a transfer passenger. I have a connecting flight to Miami.
So you have to bring your baggage to the transfer check-in area.
Yes.It' s quite troublesome. Why not go and find a porter?

Billy, you don’t look too well. Maybe you should take the day off school.
But Mom?! Today we’re playing football?! I love football?!
You’Ve got a fever and playing football isn’t a good idea for a boy with a fever.
What’s that on your arm?
I don’t know. It was there when I woke up this morning.
It’s rash. I’d better take you to see the doctor.
How did you get that bruise on your leg?
I bashed it against the chair in my room.
Does it hurt?
A little, but not much. Here. Put this wet towel on your face to keep your temperature down. I’ll take you to the doctor’s after breakfast.
If I’m better this afternoon, can I go to school?
If you are better, but I doubt you will be.

This is your schedule.
You're going out of your way for us, I believe.
You are our honored guests.

Are there any vacancies still available?
Yes. We need a plumber here.
I am looking for a job that is more advanced than that, such as sales manager or regional manager.
I am sorry. They are not available now.

My name is Mary, and I will be your waitress tonight.
Thank you, Mary. We have been looking forward to trying out this restaurant.
Before your main course, would you like to order an appetizer?
Sure, that sounds great. Where are your appetizers listed?
There is a special appetizer menu right here in the center of the table.
The chicken and cheese quesadilla looks good. Is that pretty good?
You know, that is one of my favorites?!
OK, I'll take one order of that.
You could choose another appetizer for half price to share.
Perfect?! Please add on an order of onion rings.

I am waiting for a fax but just now I found there's something wrong with the fax machine.
What's wrong with the fax machine? Is it urgent?
Yes, very urgent. And there is no other fax machine around. And the office of our boss is closed, so I can not use his machine either. And his secretary is out. Do you have any suggestion?
Either call this extension number 0085 or ask them to send the fax to you as e-mail, you print it out.

I would like to speak to you, if you don’t mind.
What would you like to speak to me about?
I would like to talk to you about this year’s election.
Is that right? I am a volunteer for this year’s campaign.
That’s wonderful. I am impressed at someone so young taking a stand. I know history is about to be made, and I would like to be a part of it.
That’s fantastic. Are you planning on voting?
I’m going to vote. Go to your polling place early on Election Day.
I will.
Good luck with your volunteering.

We hope that there will be no repetition of this kind of trouble in the future.
Yes. I promise it will not happen again.
We look forward to your settlement at an early date.
We will inform you as soon as possible.

Hello, Steven. How do you get along with your job?
Actually, I learn many things from it. I find that I am a quick learner in new things.
Practice makes perfect. By the way, what do you learn from your job?
At first I didn't know anything about the machine. Now I know how to operate it. Besides, the work gives me a sense of fulfillment and achievement.
Yeah, you are a good learner. I must commend you for your good performance.
Thank you. That's a long way to go for my job.
I appreciate your effort very much. The coffee break is over ; it's about time we set to work.
OK, let's go.

Where on earth are we?
Judging by all the traffic, I'd say we're near the outskirts of the city.
What did I do wrong? Did I take a wrong turn?
I'm not sure, but I think you turned right when you should have turned left on the flyover bridge.
Well, now we should turn back a few kilometres. It seems that the traffic sign is much more important than the map.

Hello. Front desk.
Yes. This is Bob Robinson. I’m calling from room number 627.
Hi, Bob. What can I do for you? Is it possible to change to another room?
Could you please tell me why? My room is facing the swimming pool. It’s noisy for me. I have a problem sleeping. And I feel uncomfortable when I take an elevator.
So you need a quiet side room on the lower floor.
You’re right. Okay. Let me check for a room on the first floor.
Thank you.
I’Ve only two rooms on the first floor. How about room 108?
That’s fine. Can I move now?
Sure. I’ll send the bellman to help you.
Oh, thank you kindly.
You’re welcome.

How long will it take for our order to be delivered?
Let's see. You are importing fifty containers of textiles from China. They should be able to place your order before the end of next week. It will take 2 days for shipping to the port city of Ningpo. The freight will take 3 weeks on the open ocean and will arrive in Los Angeles approximately a month from today. Domestic shipping will be your responsibility, you can make arrangements with the pier in Los Angeles.
Fine, we will handle domestic shipping, but what about customs? Will we have to pay tariff on our imports?
I hope we don't run into any problems with the border control.
No, the Chinese company has that all worked out. With the paperwork you receive with the shipment, you should be good to go.

Now you're my boss, Mr. Henry. Do you have any other particular conditions that you would like the company to take into consideration?
No, nothing in particular. You may ask questions about us, if you have any.
All right. When can I start?

What are you doing here today?
I would like to fight my ticket.
Is the arresting officer in the courtroom today?
Yes, the officer is here today. What's your case?
I was pulled over for running a red light, but I never did.
Do you believe that the officer lied?
There was a camera on the signal. So, he was obviously lying.
Your license plate was caught on camera?
A picture of my license plate was never taken.
Since there is no picture of your license plate on record, I'm going to let you go.
Thank you. I'm glad that you believe me.

Hey Joe, what are you doing in this department store?
Hi, Rita, I'm just looking for a pair of shoes. I won't be here for long.
Why not? When I go shoe shopping, I have so many options for sneakers that I spend awhile looking at all of the choices.
That's my problem. I don't have a lot of options. What do you mean?
This is a big store, isn't it?
Yes, but I have unusually big feet. That wouldn't be too much of a problem except that they're also very wide, and only a few brands sell shoes that I can fit into.
So how do you usually go about buying shoes, then?
Well, first of all, I can only go to certain stores that can guarantee me a large selection.
Well, you're in the right store. If they don't have it, no one will.
After that I choose something from one of the few brands that I know will fit me. I prefer white, so I ask them to bring me a pair of white sneakers in my size. Since I’m usually only given one or two pairs of shoes that meet my qualifications, it makes it a very easy choice.

what shall we do after the volleyball match?
how about going to the Olympic souvenir store to have a look? I remember there is one in the gym.
that's a good idea. I was thinking of buying some gifts for my family. me, too.
What did you have in mind?
I haven't decided yet, but I think the Olympic Mascots are a must.
I agree. They're very lovely, especially " Huan Huan ".
is that the red one? That is my favorite, too. Do you know how much they are?
the five dolls are sold together as a set, and they're priced according to the size. The bigger they are the more expensive.
oh, I see. If I buy more than a set, can I get any discount?
I don't think so. All the souvenirs of the Olympic Games are very hot right now.
any other ideas?
there are lots of things, such as postcards, key chains, posters and various arts and crafts.
it all sounds great. We can go there after the match. I can't wait to see what they have.

Mom?! I hate eating vegetables?!
You don’t have to eat them. I don’t mind.
Thanks mom?! Can I have dessert now? I love chocolate cake?!
No dessert for you unless you eat all your vegetables.
But I don’t like them?! It’s not fair?!
You can have some fruit for dessert. If you eat an apple and a banana, I might let you have a small piece of chocolate cake.
Ok... actually, I don’t mind eating peas and carrots, buy I hate broccoli and cauliflower.
I’ll remember that for next time. You’ll get extra peas and carrots, buy no broccoli or cauliflower. OK?
Thanks mom?!

It was very kind of you to give me a tour of the place. It gave me a good idea of your product range.
It’s a pleasure to show our factory to our customers. What’s your general impression, may I ask?
Very impressive, indeed, especially the speed of your NW Model. That’s our latest development. A product with high performance.
We put it on the market just two months ago. The machine gives you an edge over your competitors, I guess.
Certainly. No one can match us as far as speed is concerned.
Could you give me some brochures for that machine? And the price if possible.
Right. Here is our sales catalog and literature.
Thank you. I think we may be able to work together in the future.

Is the factory fully-automated?
Not completely. Our production process is partially-automated. We use robots on the production line for routine assembly jobs but some of the work is still done manually.
What about supply of parts to the production line?
Well, the parts are automatically selected from the store room using a bar-code system. And there is an automatic feeder which takes them to the conveyor belt at the start of the production line.
What about the smaller components?
They're transported to the workstations on automated vehicles - robot trucks - which run on guide rails around the factory.

I'm glad you're on your ten-year reunion planning committee.
Yeah, you get the TV to yourself while I spend my nights surfing the Net for missing classmates. That's not why. This way I can see how you guys do this sort of thing.
I guess. Don't you have reunions in Taiwan?
Definitely. Every year. But just for our forty-person class. Ours are for everyone that graduated in the same year.

What does your job involve?
I'm the Project Manager so I have to make sure our projects run smoothly. I work with three Project Engineers. They take care of after-sales service and look after the maintenance side of the business.

How many languages can you speak?
Besides Chinese, I can speak English and French. You mean you can read and write both of them?
No, I can only carry on a simple conversation in French.
Can you read and write English well?
I can speak the language better than read and write.
Do you speak the language well enough to communicate with people of English-speaking countries?
I think so. I used to be an interpreter. Do you think your English is good enough to do desk work?
The amount of English I know enables me to do general desk work. I believe what I know is sufficient to work in an American firm.

What can I get for you? Here is the menu.
Let me have a look. Well, how many kinds of steaks do you have?
We have sirloin steaks, pepper steak, and filet steak.
Is there something go with the filet steak?
Yes, we have various sauces.
What about the gravy?

Are you ready to go shopping?
Just a minute. I need to make a list of thinks that we need.
Good idea. Have you written down potatoes, carrots, and onions?
I don’t have onions on my list. I’ll add them. We should get some tea. Is green tea ok or should we get the same tea that we usually get?
Let’s get both. We need some coffee too. Is that on your list?
Yes, it is. Here’s my list. Is there anything that I’Ve forgotten?
I think you’Ve got everything. I want to got some chocolate and some cheese.
What kind of cheese do you want.
I’m not sure. I’ll decide at the cheese counter, when I can see what they have.
Have we got enough money?
We don’t have enough cash, so I’ll take my credit card and we can pay with that.
Where are the car keys?
I’Ve got them there. Shall I drive?

Hello, can you tell me how to use the telephone?
If you want to order meals, call 8801.If you need other help, call 8803 and someone will be there.
Thank you so much. By the way, is there a mail service?
Yes, you can take your letters to the counter over there.

I am afraid that the fax machine in my room won’t be working till tomorrow. A technician has just come and checked it. He will bring me a new one tomorrow. It seems there is a big problem with mine and it will take some days for repairing. Can I use the one in your office?
Of course you can. I am sure this one works very well. I just sent dozens of pages. How many pages are you sending? Are you familiar with my fax machine?
Yes, I think you have the same model as I have.
Does your fax machine print out immediately a transmission protocol?
Yes, it will print immediately.

How many years have you done business with China?
Let me see, about five years, we established our business relationship with Hua Mei of China Import & Export Corporation in 2003.
Do you have any difficulties in doing business in China? You know the Chinese economic legislation is still incomplete?
I don't think I have any problem with our Chinese partners. They have always followed the contract strictly. We can do business directly with the corporation. As I mentioned before, the Chinese government is trying very hard to perfect its law. Its commercial legislation provides legal protection for foreign companies.
Well, it's known that the Sino-American relation is in a dilemma. Does it influence your business in China?
Actually not at present. But we are afraid it will. You know policies influence business to some extent.
I hope our government will not be influenced by some extremists. China is really a large market. We don't want to lose it.
Thank you.
You're welcome.

Give me a pack of first-class stamps, please.
Here you are. That will be five dollars. Anything else?
Yes. I want some post cards and some airmail stamps. I want to send some letters to South America.
Just a moment, I'll look up the rate for air-mail letters to South America.
Can you tell me how much it will cost to send a package to Colombia? Also, I what to know how long it will take.
Do you have the package with you? I would have to weigh it to see how much it would cost. Do you insure package?
Yes. All you have to do declare the value of the package and decide how much you want to insure it for.
Is there a way that I can be sure that the people in South america receive my package?
The post office rarely loses package. You can, however, request a rectum receipt.
One last question-what are your hours?
We open at eight-thirty in the morning and close at five-thirty in the afternoon.
Thank you, you helped me a lot.

Hello, thank you for taking the time to interview me.
Hi there, I’m Bill Gotcha, the owner of Gotcha Enterprises. Did you find your way here OK?
Your assistant gave wonderful directions.
Why are you switching jobs at this point in your career?
Our Company is moving overseas and I wish to stay in the United States.
What are you best at?
I am good at organizing systems that have been having problems.
What is your biggest challenge in terms of skills?
I don’t like to sit around and so like to always find things to do to keep myself busy.
That is good to hear?!

Good morning. SRC international. How may I help you?
Good morning. I'd like to speak to Peter. Chen Please.
Certainly. Who should I say is calling?
This is Tim. Hunter from Hunter industries.
And what is it regarding please?
We have an appointment for this afternoon. Mr. Chen will know why I'm calling.
Of course, Please hold the line Mr. Hunter.

Right, let me run through your options. You can go ahead and cash your undue Large-Amount Deposit Certificate if you really want to, but I'd recommend a Personal Durable Commodities Loan.
OK, what does that entail?
It's not too much trouble to do it this way and remember, your certificate is due in 2 months. If you can hold on to it, it'll be much better for your finances.
Yes, it does seem a little silly to cash it now. I'll probably need about 25,000 RIB. Will that be a problem?
Not at all, Mr Zu. As the certificate is due in 2 months, you can get the loan on mortgage of that certificate.
I'm glad you thought of this. I'd have just gone ahead and cashed it?! And I suppose I can use the money from the certificate to pay back this Personal Durable Commodities Loan and I won't lose any interest, right?
Exactly right. If you'd like to go ahead, I can process that for you now, Mr Zu.
Absolutely, Jenny. Thanks very much, I think you've saved me quite a lot of money today.

My aunt told me one of her secrets--cellophane tape. I just got it at the special health store. It's for my flabby arms.
Let me know how it works. I have to say, I have had enough of this roller coaster.
I know what you mean. I'm like a yo-yo. Last week I was down to 60 kilos. This week I had one donut more. Now I'm up to 62 kilos.

May I have a menu, please?
Of course. Could you tell me how this thing is cooked? Lobster?
It is steamed and served with our special sauce.
Is it good?
Sure. It is a most popular dish.
I think I will try some lobster, and give me some green salad together.

Can’t you come in and have tea now, Peter?
Not yet, I must water the garden first.
Do you have to water it now?
I’m afraid I must. Look at it?! It’s terribly dry.
What a nuisance?! Last summer it was very dry, too. Don’t you remember? I had to water it every day.
Well, I’ll have tea by myself.
That was quick?! Have you finished already? Yes, Look out of the window. It’s raining.
That means you needn’t water the garden.
That was a pleasant surprise. It means I can have tea, instead.

I'm broke, and I have to catch another bus.
Why don't you have any money for another bus?
I got hungry and bought some chips.
That was smart.
Anyway, do you have any change I can use for the bus?
I don't have any.
I don't know how I'm going to get home.
Get a transfer from the bus driver.
How much is a transfer?
It doesn't cost anything.
That's great?! Thanks for your help.
You know what? Don't mention it.

Hello, Anna. Come in and sit down.
Hello, doctor.
What's the matter? I've got a backache.
Do you often suffer from backache?
No, I don't. I've never had a bad one before. When did it start?
About four days ago.
Well, go home and rest in bed for two days, then you'll feel better. Can you give me some medicine? It's very painful.
Yes, I'll give you some pills. Take one a time and three times a day, and come back in three days. If you don't feel...

Welcome on board. May I see your boarding pass?
Here you are. Your seat is three, in the third row, near the window.
Thank you. Where can I put my suitcase?
Either in the overhead compartment or underneath the seat.
Everyone's attention, please. We are going to take off. Please fasten your belts.

Hello, madam. How do you like your staying here?
Quite good. Excuse me, are there any places of interest?
Yes, there are so many near our hoteI. Three blocks away from here, there is temple. It's famous for its building and paintings. lt' s worth visiting.
Thank you. I think today we will go there.

You're here to make a deposit, is that correct?
Right. I'd like to deposit 2,000 RIB into my Current Account.
No problem. Could I have the cash and your Bank Book, please?
Oh dear... there seems to be some problems here... What? What's wrong?
I'm sorry but 5 of these notes seem to be counterfeit. Look at this watermark, do you see it?
It does look a little strange, I didn't notice that before.

Hello, sir. Is there anything I can help you find?
Um... Uh... I'm just looking, thanks.
Need a gift for your girlfriend or wife...
No, no, no. I'm just browsing. Thanks anyway.
Well, if you need anything, just ask. Um... well, where's the men's shoe department?
It's on the third floor. Turn left when you get off the escalator.
Thanks.

An idea about killing time on a train?
I advise you to read Playboy.You can get a lot from it.
But there's quite a lot of rumors about it.
That's why it's interesting.

Have you brought the receipt with you?
No, I don't. I left it home.
Sorry, but we can't do anything without the receipt. Come back with it.
I didn't know. I'll go to get it. How late will you be open?
Till 5:30.

I haven't told you what happened yet, have I?
I haven't heard anything.
My boss offered me a promotion, and I took it.
Are you serious?
Yes, I am really excited.
That's great. Congratulations?!
Thank you.
Actually, I could not believe it at first. You know, there're so many outstanding people in our company. Many of them are qualified to fill that position.
Sure, but you really did great and outperformed the others. You deserved it?!
Thank you very much.

I like Chinese food.
I like Chinese food, too. I like dumplings best. At school, we sometimes have Chinese food for lunch.
That's good. We eat Chinese food only at the Chinese restaurant.
My mother can make some Chinese food.
Really? That's wonderful?!

OK. Come back into the classroom, class.
Does the class start again, Mam?
Yes, but to the heath, this break has last long enough.
Oh, breaktime flies. come on, baby. It’s time now.
Mam, another minute, could I?
Hurry up, little boy.

What's the actual flight time from here to San Francisco?
It's about twelve hours.
Can you tell me what time we're arriving?
Sure. Let me see... at 6:15 a. m. local time.
I see. And that'll be 10:15 p. m. Beijing time.

Excuse me, but I'm not feeling too well. I think I'm going to throw up.
There's an airsickness bag behind the seat that's in front of you.
I must've missed it. Is this your first time flying?
Yes. I'm going to San Francisco.
Oh, it's a beautiful city. I think you'll like it.
Hey, I'm feeling much better already.
Sometimes if you don't think about it, that sick feeling will go away on its own.
Thanks.
By the way, my name is Mary.
I'm Frank. Nice to meet you.

Welcome to Al's Bakery. What can I get you?
Hi?! Let me get a dozen croissants, four blueberry muffins and a loaf of sourdough bread.
Sure. Would you like to have the loaf sliced?
No, that's OK. Do you have any whole wheat bread?
We are out at the moment. May I suggest some rye bread?
Sure that sounds good. Do you have any cakes?
We have various birthday cakes and also ice cream cakes.
I'll just take a cheesecake.
Will that be all?
Yes.
Your total is forty three dollars and twenty cents.
You got it.

Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, we are happy you have all come out for our training workshop. Today we have a great line-up of speakers to talk to you. First on our program is a well-renown expert in the field of international economic development, Harvard's own Dr. James Smith. Dr. Smith has been involved in economic research for over twenty years, and has taught at Harvard since 1995. And now, without further adieu, we'd like to welcome Mr. James Smith.
Thank you, Mr. Jackson, ladies and gentlemen, colleagues, friends. The subject of my talk is international relations in a morgen world. I plan to say a few words about the current situation in the Middle East and how it affects world economy. I'd like to give you an overview of the way that the economies of seemingly unrelated countries are intertwined. I've divided my talk into three parts, first an overview of international relations, second a discussion of current political situations, and lastly trends for the future. My presentation will take about two hours, but there will be a twenty-minute break in the middle. We'll stop for lunch at 12.

You're looking rather pale, why?
I couldn't sleep well recently.
You'd get plenty of sleep for you work so hard.
I always drink too much wine in the evening.
You shan't drink more wine in the evening.
Yes, you are right.
And you'd take some exercise every day.
Many thanks for your advice.

Hello Mrs Parker, how have you been?
Hello Dr Peters. Just fine thank you. Ricky and I are here for his vaccines.
Very well. Let's see, according to his vaccination record, Ricky has received his Polio, Tetanus and Hepatitis B shots. He is 14 months old, so he is due for Hepatitis A, Chickenpox and Measles shots.
What about Rubella and Mumps?
Well, I can only give him these for now, and after a couple of weeks I can administer the rest.
OK, great. Doctor, I think I also may need a Tetanus booster. Last time I got it was maybe fifteen years ago?!
We will check our records and I'll have the nurse administer and the booster as well. Now, please hold Ricky's arm tight, this may sting a little.

I’m interested in teaching at your school.
Great. Are you a qualified teacher?
Yes.
What kind of teaching certificate do you have?
I have a TEFL certificate.
How many years of experience do you have?
I have three years of teaching ESL and four years of teaching per-school children.
When did you get your TEFL certificate?
I got my TEFL certificate three years ago.
Why do you want to teach at our school?
Well, I’Ve heard many good things about it. I also like teaching young children.
That’s great. Can you speak Chinese?
Yes, just a little.
Can you come in for an interview tomorrow at 10:00?
I sure can.
Great. See you then.

Why is the car before us stopping?
What's going on? Look. Two cars are standing right in the middle of the road and the drivers are shouting rude words to each other.
That's why that car stops.
More and more people easily get irritated while driving.
Yes. This is what is called road rage.

This is today’s schedule. At 8 thirty AM, conference with the department managers. At 9 o’clock, live for the workshop where you’ll award prizes to the staff for preventatives.
That’s great. What are the prizes?
3000 RIB as bonus for each person. To encourage the staff increases.
Ok. Next thing is laying the corner-stone for the new plant at 10 AM. At 12 AM, back here for lunch. What about the afternoon? At 2 PM, give a presentation here with the press. At four o’clock sharp, have dinner with Mr. Smith, manager of NCC.

This is Lincoln Bank, Consumer Credit Department. How can I help you?
Ah, hello. I'm calling to find out how I apply for a car loan.
We offer a Personal Automobile Consumer Loan. The application process is pretty straight forward. I trust you have enough funds to cover the 20 % down payment?
Yes, I do. It's ready and waiting in my account.
The next step is for us to recommend a dealer to you, who are already contracted to us, so...
Could I just stop you there? Sorry to interrupt, but I have already been to your appointed dealer and selected the car I want.
That will certainly cut down the processing time. We can move on to the next step. Do you have the purchase price?
Yes, it's 110,000 RIB. So, with the down payment done, I will need to borrow 70,000 RIB.
What we need you to do next is to come into the branch with a correctly filled in application form, ID card, proof of residency, proof of income, the agreement from the agent and of course the 20 % down payment.
Yes, I have everything here.
OK, I'll come in and see you later today. Maybe I could have my new car as early as next week?! How exciting?!

Hi, my name is Tom.
Tom, the new sales representative? Nice to meet you?! I'm Melinda.
Nice to meet you too.Melinda. Now let me show you around. This is our reception area, and our conference room is right over there. Over here is the sales department.
Really? This is a nice office, but it's quite small.
Yeah... You can make photocopies and send faxes over there.
It looks like you guys work hard.
I tell you what just between you and me, we just mess things up so that it looks like we work hard.Just kidding.
Oh, your cubicle is over the. And this way. Those are all private offices the managers offices.
Hmm... Tell me more details about our jobs.
Sure thing.

What do you think of our price? Your price has gone up sharply, hasn't it?
Yes. We regret we cannot maintain our original price. Since the prices of the raw materials have been raised, we have to adjust the price of our products accordingly.
I agree with you there, but your price is unreasonable.
I don't think so. You must compare our price with that of other export houses. I'm sure our offer is in line with the prevailing market price level.
I don't think we'll be able to pay the price.
To have this business concluded, you need to lower your price at least by 3 %.
I’m afraid that there is no room for any reduction in price.
Don't you agree with me that in the long run, moderate prices will bring about large sales and more profit?
We've already cut down our price to cost level.
Is that all?
Yes, this is the best we can do.
I'm sorry we can't handle the price you offered.

So, Jimmy, how does it feel to have your own money?
It’s great, dad. I don’t mind delivering papers, but the real fun is collecting the money.
Even though you are only twelve, it’s not too early to start saving a little money.
I’Ve never had a bank account before. Why don’t I just keep my money under the matters like grandpa does?
You know you would spend it. And also, money in the bank earns interest.
But what if I need my money suddenly?
The bank will give you a PIN, and you can withdraw money from any ATM.
Great?! So it’s almost the same as keeping it under the matters?!
Not quite. You have to maintain a minimum balance of twenty dollars. And sometimes the bank has service charges. But you don’t have to worry about that yet. Let’s go make your first depot OK.
Guess I have to do that before. I can make money my first withdrawal.

Is this where I can catch a bus to the theater?
Yes, but you can't get there with out a change.
Which bus do I have to change?
You have to get off at the hospital and change for bus 15.
I see. Thank you.

Here we are, Joan. This is the Palace museum, also known as the Forbidden city.
Oh, how splendid?! Can you take a picture of me here?
Sure.

Excuse me. I'm afraid I got lost. Where am I on this map?
We are here, bus station, we are in the heart of the city.
Oh?! Can I go from here to the Zhongshan Park?
Head straight up the street about two blocks then turn right.

Tony, could you tell me if there are any special rules about the job?
Working hours are from 8: 30 a. m. to 5:00 p. m. Be sure not to be late or absent. Report to the manager by filling in the' Monthly Report' every month.
Is there anything else? How about my salary?
Our company has a strict and reasonable salary standard. On the 20th day of every month, you can get your salary on time. Benefits depend upon the length of service and the employee's past attendance record.
Wow, thank you for telling me these. Do you mind telling me something else, like attendance record, holiday, and how to ask for leave?
All new members are likely to ask the same questions. Haha.
I can understand that. Every month you have three days off, besides the weekends and some important holidays. After you've been here for a year, you qualify for a one-week vacation. The leave less than a half-day should predict for an hour, and more than a half-day should predict three days.
Okay, that's good. I get it.

Kate, you never believe what's happened.
What do you mean?
Masha and Hero are getting divorced.
You are kidding. What happened?
Well, I don't really know, but I heard that they are having a separation for 2 months, and filed for divorce.
That's really surprising. I always thought they are well matched.
What about the kids? Who get custody?
Masha, it seems quiet and makable, no quarrelling about who get the house and stock and then contesting the divorce with other details worked out.
That's the change from all the back stepping we usually hear about.
Well, I still can't believe it, Masha and Hero, the perfect couple.
When would they divorce be final?
Early in the New Year I guess.

Overseas operator. I would like to make a collect call to Taipei, Taiwan, please.
Your name, please.
Tim Chen.
What's the number, please.
The area code is 2, and the number is 2367-9960.
The line is connected. Please go ahead.

Hello. Excuse me.
Yes. Can I help you? Do you remember me? I just had lunch here a half hour ago.
Of course I remember you.
I think I lost my wallet here.
Oh, no. Really? I didn't see anything.
Really? You didn't find a wallet?
No, I didn't.
Would you like to go look by the table with me?
Yes, I would.
It's not here. And it's not on the floor.Has anyone sat at this table since we left?
No. It's been empty the whole time.
Hmm. I don't know how it could have happened.
I remember, sir, that your friend took the bill.You didn't pay for the lunch yourself, did you?
No. My friend did.
Then are you sure you took your wallet out of your pocket while you were here?
No, I'm not sure. But I usually take out my wallet when I sit down.It' s uncomfortable to sit on it. So I usually put it next to me on the table.
Maybe you lost it before you came here. Or maybe you left it at home.
I don't think it's at home. I think I had it when I left the house.But what should I do?
Well, the first thing you should do is make sure it's not at home.Then, if it isn't, you need to call your credit card companies and cancel your cards. Next, you need to replace whatever you lost, your driver's license, things like that.
Should I call the police?
You can if you want. But the police usually don't do anything about lost wallets.
Hmm. I'll go home and check. Maybe you're right. Maybe it's at home.
I'm sorry we couldn't find it, sir.
Thanks for your help.

Good morning, young lady. You can call me Ma. Do you see anything you like?
Yes. Many things?! I especially love this beautiful quilt.
That quilt was passed down to me from my ma in Holland.
It sounds like a special quilt. Why do you want to sell it?
Well, this home is too big for me now, so I'm moving to an apartment that is much smaller. Therefore, I need to part with a few things.
Oh, I see. Umm, how much do you want for the quilt?
Is fifteen dollars OK?

Have you got change for a thousand?
Let me see.

May I come in, Mr Sun?
I’d rather you didn’t, Miss Yang. I’m very busy now.
Can I try later then?
Yes, of course.
Is it all right for me to come in now, Mr Sun?
Well, uh... I’m still pretty busy, but... all right. Come in.
What can I do for you?
Do you mind if I sit down?
Not at all. Take a seat. Now what can I do for you?
I want to leave the department. Do you think I could put info a transfer?
Yes.
But why should you want to do that?
Do you mind if I speak frankly?
Not at all. Go ahead.
Well. You see, I don’t like the office. I don’t like the staff. And I’m afraid of you. And I don’t want to go one. So may I put info a transfer?
Yes. I’d be delighted if you did.

Where is that? Take me to the airport, please.
Are you in a hurry?
I have to be there before 17 o'clock.
We'll make it except a jam. You know it's rush hour.
There's an extra ten in it for you if you can get me there on time.
I'll do my best.
Here's twenty dollars. Do you have small bills?
No. If you can't break it, keep the change. But can you give me a receipt?
Here is your receipt.
Thank you.

Recently I have been getting headache and my eyes don't seems to see focus properly.
When did you last time have your eyes checked?
Two years ago. At that time I had no problems.Now I can’t even make out something ten meters away.
Come over here. I will test your eyes. First cover your left eye like this, and when I point, please read the chart from the top, and go as far as you can, telling me which way the “ E ” points.
All right. Good.Now the other eye. Well, this one is worse.
Never mind, just read as far as you can.
I can only read the first three lines.

Is there a car park near the supermarket?
Yes, there is an underground car park near the supermarket.
I see. Thanks.

Oh, come on, Ultraman?! What's up, Bro? What's in the bulletin?
It says that there will be a blackout from 5 p. m. to 7 p. m. in our neighborhood today.
Blackout? Even the TV has the limit. Don't you know you will look like a monster in the blackout?
Oops, no, Daddy can't watch American Idol, either?! That's not the point.
Come on, can you imagine that there will be no electricity on such a hot day? Oh, my god?! No air-conditioner?!
OK, since you are the smart one, can you come up with a better plan? So that we won't be baked like cookies here.
How about playing Barbie out there in the neighborhood?
Barbie? You know, I might be seven, but I'm not a girl.
Do you have a better plan?
All right, all right.

Yes, ma'am, how could I help you?
I am wondering if you do facial care?
Yes, we do.
How much would it be?
From 200 to 800.
I'm afraid 800 is too expensive for me. Could you recommend something around 300?
No problem.

Can I help you, Miss?
I would like to order 2 office-style cabinets and desk calendars. We want office-style cabinets in white. The catalogue number is 90-f-2356.
How soon do you want it?
Could you deliver it tomorrow?
No problem. Please handle the items carefully.
Certainly.
We will pay by collect on delivery.

I hate to do this to you, Alice, but I’m going to have to ask you to put in some more overtime.
Does it have to be this afternoon, Mr. Fairbanks? I’Ve already made plans.
Well, I would have preferred to do it today, but if you’Ve already made plans, we can do it tomorrow.
I’d appreciate that, sir. How long do you think you’ll need me to stay?

What’s your attitude when do wrong things at work?
The buck stops here.

Hello?! Is your company advertising for administrative assistant on the newspapers?
Well, Administrative assistant with shorthand and typing skills are badly needed here.
First I want to check about the availability and see if you could give me more information.
The position calls for a person with some working experience. We must be able to benefit from your analytical and interpersonal skills. Can you deliver your resume to us first?
Of course. I will deliver my resume to you in minutes' time. I hope you will consider my application and I shall appreciate a reply at your earliest convenience.
OK. I will call you soon. Bye now.
Bye.

Just as the saying goes, every potter praises his own pot. You should pay special attention to selling yourself properly in the interview. It is especially important for the graduates who step into the job market for the first time. You'd better prepare what you are going to say in advance, in order to have a good performance in the interview. The contents should be mainly descriptions of your background. And the length depends on the particular situation. Only when you are aware of what the interviewer will be interested in, can you make a targeted preparation. To sell yourself successfully, you should leave the interviewer a deep impression. Selling yourself should go straight to the point, and the statement should be clear and brief. It should also be truthful and realistic. Do not blindly blow your own horn. You should particularly state your strong points which are closely related to the position you are applying for. While you should not omit your weak points, they need to be described appropriately Time permitted, you could add certain examples to your description. Besides, in the interview, it is best that you make corresponding adjustments to apply your prepared contents flexibly.

Hello?
Hi, Deborah?! This is John. I'm calling from Australia.
What are you doing in Australia?
I'm attending a conference in Sydney this week. Remember?
Oh, right. What time is it there?
It's 10:00 P. M. And it's four o'clock in Los Angeles, right?
Yes - four o'clock in the morning.
4:00 A. M.? I'm really sorry.
That's OK. I'm awake now.

John hasn't turned up and Stefan is ill. Do we have anyone on stand-by?
I'm afraid not, we're very short-staffed at the moment.
Can you ask the shift supervisor to ask one of his team to do some overtime?
Perhaps Tommy can stand in for an hour or two until we find a replacement.

Jack, let’s go?! Oh, you are out of breath?! What happened?
Some people are wildly shooting on the next street. We must leave here as soon as possible?!
Take it easy. They will get caught.

Hello. May I speak to Jerry, please?
Sorry, but he is out for lunch right now.
I see. Can you give me some idea how long he'll be back?
I think he will be back around 2:00. If you like, please leave your name and phone number, I'll have him call you as soon as he comes back.
That's nice. My name is Steven, my phone number is 6789777.
Okay, I'll be waiting for his call. Thank you and bye?!
My pleasure, bye?!

Excuse me, Miss. What can I do for you?
I've just heard an announcement that my flight has been delayed.
What's your flight number?
Flight CA216 to Chengdu.
Yes, it's true. It has been delayed.
Could you please tell me why?
Yes, of course. The delay is due to heavy rain.
How long will the delay be? Do you have any further information about it?
I am sorry, we don't know the extent of the delay at present. But according to the latest weather forecast, there will be a change in weather soon. We have to wait.
Well, is it possible for the rain to stop before noon?
It's hard to say. Weather is so changeable in the summer. Please listen to the latest announcement about your flight.
Yes, I will. Thanks a lot. Bye?!
Bye

What are we going to do? I can't get the car out of this ditch. I'm stuck?!
I'm worried, Tom. I haven't seen any other cars for almost an hour.
I know. This is terrible. What can we do? This snow doesn't stop falling?!
I told you we should have stayed in town today.The weather report said 100 percent chance of snow.Why did you want to come up here?
I wanted to show you the cabin. We only had another half-hour to go.
Well, now we're stuck. What can we do?
I don't know. I've heard that when this happens, it's important to save energy.
What do you mean? We're stranded here, Tom. We may be here a long time.We need to conserve the gas in the car. The car's energy is what will keep us warm.
I have plenty of gas.
Yes, but the gas and the battery both have to stay working.We can't just let the car run and run.If we do, it will die soon. Then we'll freeze.
So what can we do?
Turn the lights off.Then, run the car and the heater only about fifteen minutes every hour.That will conserve the heat as long as possible.
Alright. That's a good idea. I wish we hadn't come up here. Now we'll probably be here for days.
Days?
Yes, it happens.That is what happens in big snowstorms. People get stranded for days.
Oh, my God?! It's good we have food. Probably we'll survive.But turn the car off for about forty-five minutes. Then we'll turn it on again.

Hey, buddy, can’t you see there’s a line?
Oh, sorry. I didn’t know.
What? You haven’t taken the bus before?
No, I’m afraid not.
Well, you have to wait in line like everyone else. Besides, you should let old people on first.
Sorry.
It’s all right. Where are you going?
I wanted to see the White House.
Oh, well you don’t want this bus, anyway. It goes to Georgetown.
Oh, no. It’s all right, though. Just get off at the next stop and catch the 79A.
Oh, well thank you very much.
You’re welcome.

Can I help you?
I'd like the double cheese burger meal, please.
What kind of drink would you like with that?
Just coke will be fine.
Would you like a super size meal? Only 2 RIB more, you'll get large coke and fries instead of medium. And today we are offering free toys all the meal boxes.
That sounds good, thanks, I'd like that. Actually I'd like sprite instead of coke, thanks.
That's not a problem, Miss. Will that be it?
Yes, that's all. That will be 25RMB, please
You got it.

Do you have any night tours?
Yes, we will depart in 10 minutes.
Is that a guided tour?
Yes, it is.
That's fine. Let's get on the bus.

I am sure we will make it up as soon as possible.
That's nice. We hope this matter will not affect our good relations in our future dealings.
Of course not. We have cooperated for a long time.

I would like to purchase some meat.
What kind of meat would you like to get today?
First off, I'm going to need a pound of ground beef.
A pound of ground beef is $ 2.48.
That's perfect. What else will you be needing?
I'm also going to need three pounds of chicken breasts.
The chicken breasts cost $ 4.05 per pound. What's the total price for the chicken?
It's going to be $ 12.15.
Okay, I think that will be all for me today.

I think you know already that I want to discuss the represent - ton for your alarm clocks.
Yes, Mr. Bergeron. You mentioned that in your letter.
To tell you the truth, your proposal surprised us.
Is that so?
Anyhow I want to go over the details with you in person, so you can give my suggestion thorough consideration.
Our firm specializes in this line of business. We have six sales representatives, who are on the road all the time, covering the whole of the European market.
Do you sell direct to shops?
Yes, we specialize in handling clocks and watches of all sorts. We have well established channels of distribution and we canvass the retailers direct, without any middlemen.
Do you keep a stock of these things?
In some cases, such as the wristwatches, which always have a steady market, we keep a stock in London and act as distributors as well as agents. Generally, however, we pass on the orders of our clients to the manufacturers for supply. We are paid for our service, of course.
That is, your commission.
Yes, our commission is very reasonable. We usually get a 10 % commission of the amount on every deal. Our agents in other areas usually get a 3-5 % commission. The European market is not familiar with your products. You have competitors from Japan and other continental countries. At the beginning of our campaign, there is sales resistance to overcome, we must send out salesmen to do a lot of traveling and spend a considerable amount of money on advertising in news - papers and TV programs. A 10 % commission will not leave us much.
According to your estimate, what is the maximum annual turn - over you can fulfill, in round figures, of course?
We will always do our utmost to enlarge the business, as our remuneration increases with the turnover, but we will not guar - ante anything, at least not to begin with.
We appreciate very much your intention to push the sale of our products. But our suggestion to you, Mr. Bergeron, as a preliminary step, is to do a little research into the market...
Do you mean to say you refuse us the agency?
Mr. Bergeron, you leave us no alternative. We can not give you an exclusive agency of the whole European market without having the slightest idea of your possible annual marketing turnover. Besides our price is worked out according to the costing. A 10 % commission means an increase in our price. We must have the reaction of the buyers in this respect.
Oh, that's just too bad. I intended to make great efforts in selling your products.
Well, we can still carry on our business relationship without the agreement. To start the ball rolling, we will provide you with price lists, catalogues and some samples. Only when you have a thorough knowledge of the marketing possibilities of our products, can we then discuss further details.
Ah, Mrs. Miller, but in this case am I covered?
Oh, yes. We will give you a 5 % commission on every transaction.
All right, but I'll be back again for the Autumn Fair. And then I hope we can see eye to eye about our commission and the terms of the agency.
Very good. We will discuss the matter again at the next Fair.

Excuse me, I’m sorry to trouble you. My name is Susan Ransom, and I have placed several orders with you company.
Yes, Mr. Ransom? This is Karl Miller. How may I help you?
Well, I wonder if you could track an order I placed with you last month. It hasn’t arrived yet.
Certainly, Ms. Ransom. Do you have an order number?

Have you worked out the offers. Mr. Thou?
Yes, we have. Here's our CIF quotation sheet. Please have a careful look.
Are the prices on the list firm offers?
Yes. All the quotations on the list are subject to our final confirmation.
I wonder whether there are any changes in your prices.
All these products are our best-selling lines. The prices of our products will change according to that of the international market demand. And we are always open to negotiate, especially on larger orders.
What do you have in mind?
How long does your offer remain valid?
I need some time to get my supervisors on board with this plan.
I understand. Our offer remains open for 4 days.

Hello sir, may I help you?
Yeah, I accidentally dropped my phone in the toilet.
I see. Well, you have come to the right place. We have over one hundred models of more than twenty leading mobile phone manufacturers.
Sounds good. I don’t want it to be too expensive, maybe something mid-range.
We have this new ETC smart phone.It comes with the Android OS so you can download applications. It also has a built-in camera, mp3 player and touch screen. It works on the 3G network so you have fast access to the internet wherever you are.
What about Wi-fi?
Of course?! You can access the internet from any hotspot as well as from home.
One last thing. Is it waterproof?

We have been over this a hundred times?! We are not getting a pet?!
Why not? Come on?! Just a cute little puppy or a kitty?!
Who is going to look after a dog or a cat?
I will?! I’ll feed it, bathe it and walk it every day?! We can get a Labrador or a German Shepard?!
What if we want to take a vacation? Who will we leave it with? Plus, our apartment is too small for that breed of dog.
Ok. How about we get a cat or a ferret?
We’re planning on having children soon, I don’t think those animals are a good idea with a baby in the house.
Fine?! Let’s get a bird then?! We can keep it in its cage and teach it to talk?! A parrot would be awesome?!
I’ll tell you what, I can get you some hamsters and we’ll take it from there.
Yay?!

Good evening, Mr. Lee and thank you for choosing our airline. We have just discovered that this flight is overbooked. Would you like to volunteer to give up your seat?
Overbooked? Give up my seat? I don’t understand.
From time to time we have a situation in which there are more passengers than there are seats on the aircraft. That’s overbooked.
I know what overbooked is, I just don’t understand how that could happen?
Actually it’s a common practice to overbook, as passengers often don’t take their flight as scheduled. Most of the time there is no problem but today, more passengers arrived than we have seats,
So who has to stay behind?
Well, first we ask for volunteers. If someone like yourself volunteers, they receive a free round trip ticket to be used within one year. If no one volunteers we just have to select someone.
Ok. I’ll volunteer. I could use a free ticket?!

I want to rent this apartment.
I’m glad to hear that. How much are you asking?
You will have to pay $ 1050 every month.
I can’t afford that. What can you afford?
I was thinking $ 800 a month.
I’ll need you to pay more than that. How much more?
How does $ 900 every month sound to you?
I can live with that. We have a deal then.

Good morning, Miss Monica. Nice to meet you again?!
Good morning, Mr. Thomas, it is nice to see you too. After the internal discussion, we have all agreed that you are the most suitable person for this position among all the candidates. So, today let’s talk about your expected salary and social benefits. What is your expected salary?
I’Ve worked in the field for more than 4 years. Depend on my work qualifications and experience, I would like to have 5000 Yuan to start.
The basic salary for your position in our company would be 4800 Yuan to start with increases giving according to your performance.
It is a bit lower than I expected. But I can accept that.
What are the working hours?
40 hours a week, Monday to Friday, 9 AM to 5 PM with one hour lunch break every day..
Do I have to work on weekend? If so, how do you pay for the overtime?
We do expect overtime work when it is necessary, but we pay twice of the work hour for working on weekends and three times for working on national holidays like Spring Festival and the Mid-Autumn Day.
Is there probation?
No probation is involved. If you feel good, you can start next week.

Welcome to the McDonald's. What will it be for you, madam?
One Big Mac and French Fries.
Is there anything else?
Give me one coke, please.
Is this to go or to eat here?
To go, please.
That comes to four dollars and ten cents.
And can I have some ketchup, please?
It's on the service counter over there. Please go to help yourself.

What's the name of this street?
University Street.
Do you know of any banks near here?
You'll see one at the corner on your right.

Hey there, you look a little lost. Are you new here?
Yeah how’d you know?
You can always spot the newbies. I can give you a few pointers if you want. Were you trying to use this machine here?
Yeah?! I just started my training today and I’m not really sure where to begin.
It’s ok, I know how it is. This machine here will work out your upper body, mainly your triceps and biceps. Are you looking to develop strength or muscle tone and definition?
Well, I don’t want to be ripped like you?! I just want a good physique with weights and Carpio.
In that case you want to work with less weight. You can start off by working ten to fifteen reps in four sets. Five kilo weights should be enough. Now it’s very important that you stretch before pumping iron or you might pull a muscle.
Got it?!
Wow is that the weight you are lifting? My goodness that’s a lot of weight?!
It’s not that much. Just watch... I’m ok...

Excuse me.Could you tell me how to return to the Hilton Hotel? I am afraid I lost my way.
Do you have a hotel card or something? Let's see.Yes, I have the address and telephone number here.
Oh, you're staying at the downtown Hilton.Then, you go down two blocks this way and turn left.You' ll find it on the right.
Well, I don't understand it very well.Will you draw me a map?

Excuse me, but could you tell me the way to the railway station?
The railway station? Just go down this street and turn left at the second corner. The station is at the end of that street.
How long will it take me to get there?
It's about a ten-minute walk.
That's very clear. I think I can find my way now. Thank you.
Not at all.

How does the political system work in your country?
We have hundreds of constituencies and the voters in each one elect a member of parliament. Most people call them mp’s.
Each mp belongs to a political party, right?
Almost all of them do. A few are independent. That means that they do not belong to a party.
If one party more than half of the mp’s. they form a government. That means that they choose a prime Finist
What’s a cabinet?
This is a small group of people-perhaps 25 mp’s who are usually ministers. They make all the big decision and discuss laws and policy.
Can any mp make a law?
Any mp can present a law to parliament. The proposed law is debated and voted on. If it is accepted, it becomes law.
I suppose a proposed a law needs the support of the big political parties.
Yes, it does, because they have most of the mp’s. most mp’s vote the way their party wants them to.
How do people choose which party or candidate to vote for?
They produce manifesto. These documents which states their policies. Some people just vote for the same party every time there is an election. Voters who often change the party they vote for are Calle

How was your interview?
Pretty good. The HR manager asked me the usual questions. Then he wondered why I had decided to leave my previous job.
What did you say?
I told him that I hadn’t got a raise for three years. I also told him that one of my best co-workers quitted her job because she had not been promoted for eight years.
Did he want to know the reasons?
Yes. I told him that my boss made some excuses of the recession. But I thought he had a pattern and a record of promoting men only. That’s sex discrimination.
When will you get the reply?
In a couple of days, I was told.
Wish you good luck?!
Thank you.

What qualities do you think a senior executive should possess?
Generally speaking, he needs creativity, the ability to communicate, sense of personal responsibilities, the ability to solve problems and so on.
Do you have all these qualities?
Yes, I have all of them. I am totally competent to be a senior executive.

Hi. I need more amenities, please.
Could you be a little more specific, sir?
Well, to be more specific, the free stuff, like soap, lotion, and shampoo.
I understand. Now, you're saying that you've already used up all your amenities?
Oh, no?! I've got all I need for my stay here.
So, what's the problem?
I need souvenirs?!
You want some souvenirs?!
Yes, yes. Souvenirs.
But, sir, our souvenir shop carries all those items.
That's not the same thing. If you buy hotel souvenirs, they have no sentimental value.
I understand, sir. I'll call housekeeping. You'll have your souvenirs shortly.

Hello, may I help you?
Yes.We' re interested in seeing the rooms for rent.
Oh, how nice.They' re bright rooms and the house is very quiet.
A nice quiet house is exactly what we're looking for.
Well, gentleman.Each room is $ 40 a week if you think that's OK.
That sounds just wonderful to us. When do you want to move in?
How about this afternoon?
Fine. I'll be expecting you around two.

Are you ready to order? May I suggest a veal?
No, I'll have the fish please.
The chicken is also nice.
No, I want the fish.
Our special tonight is lobster.
Thank you, but I prefer the fish.
Perhaps you'd enjoy the lamb.
No, I like the fish.
What ever you say?

Am I ever hungry? When will supper be ready?
It's almost ready. Can you set the table?
All right. Want to taste this dish?
Yeah. Oh, it's delicious?! Really?
Definitely. It's a wonderful meal.
Thank you, Honey. If you like to help me do the dishes, I'll be more dreadful.
I wish I could, but I won't.

Good morning, Kate. Long time no see.
Good morning, Vera, Nice to meet you.
Kate, I know you’Ve been a stewardess for more than one year. And I’ll have an interview on stewardess tomorrow. Can you tell me some etiquette about the interview?
Of course. First you should do up your long hair and do make up but not too thick.
Is there anything else I should pay attention to?
Yes, when you attend the interview, you should pay attention to your manner, style of conversation and expression. You should keep smiling always, being polite when you talk with the interviewer. Don't move from time to time when you sit there. And you also should know how to use eye contact.
Thank you, I've learned so much from you.
That’s all right. Hope you can do better tomorrow.

Can you fix me a cup of tea, Johnny?
Well... uh... how about a glass of juice instead?
No. I'd like tea. Can you put it in my favorite cup? You probably washed it...
Oh, yeah. Well, uh, about your mug... I'll find it...
Where are all the floral pattern plates? And dad's Yankee's mug?

Good morning, sir. May I help you?
Yes, I'd like to settle my bill.
Certainly sir. May I have your room key, please?
Sure. Here you are.
Just a moment, please. I'll draw up your bill for you... Thank you for waiting, sir. Your bill totals two thousand six hundred and fifty-eight yuan, including the phone and laundry.
That much?! Would you mind letting me have a look at it?
Not at all, sir. Here you are.
Thanks. Well, It seems to be right. How much is that in dollars, please?
Just a moment, sir. I'll calculate that for you. It comes to 305 dollars and 52 cents at today's exchange rate.
I see. OK. How would you like to make the payment?
In cash, please.
Here you are.
Thank you, sir... Here is your change. Could you check it, please? Thank you for choosing our hotel. I hope you enjoyed your stay.
By the way, please forward my mail to this address.
Certainly, sir. We hope you have a good trip.

Hi, Sam. I want to buy a pet. Do you have any ideas?
You really should go to Rachel's pet store.
why? anything special there?
it's more than special. You can find as many kinds of animals as you can put a name to and more.
Oh, really? are there any snakes?
snakes? there are even rodents and monkeys?! it's a world of exotic pets.
that's terrific. I can't wait to check it out.
Hang on. are you sure you want to keep a non-traditional pet?
why not? it's so cool.
but it will pose a risk to your health.
pardon?
i mean, most reptiles carry some harmful bacteria. they are likely to cause immune system problems.
well, I didn't realize that. I don't believe it's a good choice to keep those pets, especially for families with young children.
oh, I should have thought of my brother's baby girl. Maybe I'll just have a dog instead of an exotic pet.
yes, good luck, Maria.

I’m a new student. My name’s Robert. Nice to meet you.
My name’s Sophie. Are you French?
Yes, I’m. Are you French, too?
No, I’m not. What nationality are you?
I’m Italian. Are you a teacher?
No, I’m not. What’s your job?
I’m a keyboard operator. What’s your job?
I’m an engineer.

I can’t believe Obama is our President.
I am proud to know that he is our President.
You voted for him, right?
Did you vote for him, because I know that I did.
I did, too. I have nothing but faith in Obama.
Really? I’m sure he will help better America.
We do need some change in this country.
Our country is already changing as it is.
You’re absolutely right. I trust that he will take good care of our country.

Do you have a reservation, sir?
No, I’m afraid we don’t.
I’m sorry the restaurant is full now. You have to wait for about half an hour. Would you like to have a drink at the lounge until there’s a table available.
No, thanks, I’ll come back later. May I reserve a table for two?
Yes, of course. May I have your name, sir?
Bruce
By the way, can we have a table by the window?
we’ll try to arrange it, but I can’t guarantee sir.
That’s fine.
your table's ready, sir? Please step this way.

Do you have coffee shops in China, too?
Yes, of course. There are many tea houses and bars in China, too. People can drink, eat and relax at these places.
You like to go to these places, don’t you?
Yes, sometimes the music there is so beautiful. It is very romantic. I can stay there for hours.
Do you often go there alone?
No, I often go there with my friends.

Hi there?! I am looking for a new car. I have this old Ford Pinto that I would like to trade in.
I see. You are in luck this month because all of our models are on sale?! it is a perfect time to buy a new car since it’s the end of the year.
Perfect?!
I like this one.
That is the Ford Focus. A very light but powerful vehicle. It comes with dual side airbags, power steering and power windows, tinted windows and your choice of either automatic or manual transmission.
Sounds like a good car?! How many miles to the gallon?
It is a very fuel efficient vehicle giving you about 34 miles in the city and 40 on the highway.
That is really convenient. Especially now that fuel prices are so high?!
What’s under the hood?
A very powerful 2.5- liter turbocharged engine, Trust me, this car is fast?!
Now for the most difficult question. What is the price tag for this lovely vehicle?
Very affordable mam. You can take it out of this lot today with 0 % down payment and no interest for the first year?! You can test drive it now and we can sign the papers when we get back.
Great?! Let’s do it?!

I wonder if you could help me, I'm looking for a room.
Well, I have got a vacancy.
What sort of price are you asking?
Eight dolls fifty a week excluding laundry.
Would it be convenient to see the room?
Can you call back later? We're right in the middle of lunch.

Could you give me an expense report? I would like to attach the invoices for my phone bill this season.
Here you are. Do you need glue?
That is very kind of you. I’m just running out of glue.
You’re welcome.

IBA, Jane speaking. How can I help you?
Hello. I'd like to speak to someone regarding my card.
Sorry, I'm not quite sure if I understand. In what way, Sir? Has your card been stolen?
No, no. Nothing at all like that. It's just that I applied for a credit card with you a while ago, my application was accepted, but I'm still waiting for my card.
Oh, I see, Sir. Well, it does take 5 working days to issue and post the card.
Yes, my application was accepted last Friday. Now it's Wednesday, that's more than 5 days.
Sorry, Sir, but it's 5 working days. This does not include weekends, so your card should be with you later this week.
Of course?! How silly of me?! Yes, 5 working days would mean this Friday, at the earliest.
I see. I'm sorry to trouble you.
It's no trouble at all, Sir. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nothing, thanks. I again apologise for the misunderstanding, bye for now.

What can I do for you, sir?
We'd like to order breakfast for tomorrow morning.
Yes, sir. What would you like?
Orange juice, scrambled eggs, bacon, toast and coffee.
OK, and when shall I bring it here?
About seven thirty.By the way, could you also bring me tomorrow's papers?
Of course, sir.

What shall we do when we find a shortage in the shipment?
You should do one of the two things - either to lodge a claim with the shipowner or with the insurance company.
Shall we leave it to the brokers?
Yes. They usually do it. Do they charge for that?
Of course. In Europe, they charge a commission of 1 % of the amount of the claim for their service.
Is it the same in America?
They do the work without charge to the importer. It's part of their service, isn't it?
Exactly. Is it enough to claim with an on board bill of lading?
No, you must also obtain a statement from the shipping agent certifying that the goods were actually loaded on their vessel for shipment.
I see. By the way, how do we prove the ownership of our goods?
You must provide full original set of ocean bills of lading original insurance policy or certificate and the original commercia invoice.
I see. Thank you.
You are welcome.

I'll be on business for a couple of days, could you take care of your sister?
OK, Mum, when will you be back?
I'll be back in ten days.

Passport, please, madam.
Just a minute, please. It's in my bag. Here it is.
Thank you. Please fill out the Baggage Declaration Form.
All right. Shall I enter all my belongings?
No, only the articles listed on the Declaration.

I’m hungry, let’s go grab a bite to eat.
Yeah me too.
Oh?! Can we stop at the shop really fast? I lost my makeup bag at the airport and I want to pick up a few things.
Will you take long?
No?! Five minutes I promise?!
Come on?! We have been here for almost an hour?! I thought you said you were only going to get a few things?! How long does it take you to pick out a lipstick and some nail polish?!
Are you crazy? You have no idea what you are talking about?! Just for my eyes I have to get eye-liner, an eyelash curler, eye shadow, an eyebrow pencil and mascara. Then I need to get foundation, liquid foundation.
Whoa whoa whoa?! Are you nuts? How much is all this going to cost? I’m looking at the price at each one of these little things and it’s outrageous?! This is basically a crayon?!
What about you? You spend as much or more money on your razors, after shave, cologne and gel?! Not to mention how much you spend on clothes and...
Fine?! Get the stupid thirty dollar crayon?!

Can I borrow five bucks?
No?!
Come on?! I'll pay you back on Tuesday.
Last time I lent you money, you never paid me back.
I promise if you lend me five dollars today, I will repay you in full next week.
Ok, but I'm taking your skateboard as collateral.
Fine?! I can't believe you don't trust me.
It's nothing personal, just business.

May I help you, sir?
Yes, please. I'm looking for a cotton polo shirt.
Any particular colour?
Not really. How about this one?
I like the design, but don't particularly care for the colour. Do you have that in other colours, too?
Well, they come in white, pale yellow, aqua, red and green. Will a white one do?
Yes. I prefer white - and may I see a pale yellow one, too?
Why, of course. Let's see... White... Pale yellow. Here you are, sir.

I’m so surprised to meet you in this remote village. Long time no see.
Yeah. How are you these days?

You look terrific and in good shape.
Thank you. How do you keep fit?
I do yoga twice a weeks
Yoga? It sounds interesting.
It was hard at the beginning, but now feel it's really relaxing. It makes me flexible.
Anything else?
Yes, I often go swimming. Are you interested in swimming?
Yes, I like it very much.

Are you going home now?
No, I'm not. What are you going to do? Are you going to work late?
No, I'm not. I'm going to look for an apartment.
An apartment? Why?
I'm going to try to find a place near the office.
Where are you living now?
Out in the suburbs. It's a long trip to work every day.
How are you going to find an apartment?
I'm going to buy a newspaper and check the classified ads.
Apartments in the city are expensive.
I know, but I'm going to enroll in a night school to take a course in business management.

no, no, you helped me with my computer last week. I want to repay the favor.
no, it's definitely my turn to treat you... you paid last time?!
oh, that was just a quick bite to eat---that doesn't count?!
ok, ok, how about we just go Dutch?
It's settled.
Listen, I'm still pretty new around here, would it be alright if you found the restaurant?
ok... sure.

I am waiting for a fax but just now I found there’s something wrong with the fax machine.
What’s wrong with the fax machine? Is it urgent?
Yes, very urgent. And there is no other fax machine around. And the office of our boss is closed, so I can not use his machine either. And his secretary is out. Do you have any suggestion?
Either call this extension number 0085 or ask them to send the fax to you as e-mail, you print it out.

Hey, Jim. It's time to wake up and get out of bed.
Do I have to get up now?
You'd better get up, or you'll be late.
What're you talking about? My alarm even hasn't gone off yet.
Yes, it did. It went off thirty minutes ago. You slept right through it. You're like a dead person while you sleep.
I must have slept right through it.
Rise and shine?! Sleepyhead?!
Just let me sleep five more minutes.
The early bird gets the worm.
I know, I know. But I don't want any worms. Ha?! Ha?!
If you don't make an effort now, later on it'll be a lot tougher for you.

What shall we do tonight?
How about the cinema?
That's a good idea. We haven't seen a film for ages. What would you like to see?
Oh I don't know. Titanic?
Titanic? That old film? but I've seen it before?!

I’Ve been told you might have a vacant room.
Yes. I have a spare room.
How much are you asking?
10.00 dollars a night.
Could I see the room, please?
Sure.Come on in.

Sit down, please. What's wrong with you?
I feel cold, and I'm shivering. I have a terrible headache and a sore throat.
How long have you been like that?
About a day.
Let me have a look at your throat first. Please open your mouth and say " ah ".
Ah... And show me your tongue... Thank you. That'll do. You have slight tonsillitis, and your throat is inflamed. How is your appetite?
Not so good. Now, let me take your temperature. Please put this thermometer under your armpit and let me feel your pulse? Your pulse is weak.
Do I have a temperature, doctor?
Yes, you have a high fever. I'd like to give you a blood test.

Yikes?! What was that noise?
I had to blow my nose.
Did you have to blow right next to the phone? Did you hear that?
Of course I heard that. I thought a plane had crashed into your house.
It wasn't that loud.
I will blow my nose sometime for you, and you'll see.
Okay. I'll take your word for it. I thought you had an elephant in your house.
You're funny.
What did you say? I think I've gone deaf.
I'm going into the bathroom to blow my nose. I'll be right back.

Can I have the check please?
Right away, sir.
Is this amount correct?
Yes, sir, it is.
Thank you, the service was good
Please come again.

Nowadays fewer and fewer people go to the movie theaters to see films. So I am afraid that the film studios are really getting hard time to survive.
What you said is true. But the film producers there are more flexible ways to get more audience. For example, to make more movie Ccds, so people will spend money buying them. But it is true that cinemas are losing the attraction they used to have in the past.
Yes. Take myself for example. I seldom go to cinemas, but it doesn't mean I no longer see films ; instead, I see films at home-watching Ccds.

Okay, well I’m sure you have a number of questions to ask me regarding the position.
Yes, well Miss Childs did give mean overview of the position over the phone, but there were some details I’d like to clarify.
Well feel free to ask me anything, and I’ll try to fill in the details. Could I first ask about the remuneration package?
Yes, of course. That’s quite an important point, isn’t it? As a junior sub editor we offer a starting salary of 150,000 HK dollars per annum. This doesn’t include a generous housing allowance also.
I understand. And are there other bonuses included?
Well, apart from full health insurance we do offer a company staff bonus scheme linked to readership numbers. But we could go through all the details of that at a later date.
Well, Mr. Parsons, I am flexible when it comes to salary. The opportunity to work in Hong Kong for you is the most important thing for me.
Excellent. Well, what other questions do you have Rebecca?

We need to take the accounts system offline to carry out the upgrade. But don't worry, it won't cause too much inconvenience. We're going to do it over the weekend.
How long will the system be down for?
We'll be taking everything offline in about two hours' time. It'll be down for a minimum of twelve hours. If everything goes according to plan, it should be up again by 6 pm on Saturday.
That's fine. We've allowed forty-eight hours to be on the safe side.

Welcome to IBA. Can I help you?
Yes, please. I'm here for an International Settlement. Our company has to effect payment, and it needs to be done today. Here's the advice slip for the payment.
Thanks. I'm sorry to say that you need to get this stamped. There is no stamp on this slip and it is essential before I can process it for you.
I see. So, I need to stamp it. And sign it too?
Yes, that's right. Down here, at the bottom right hand corner to show that you agree to pay the printed amount.
I'll go back to the office and get it sorted and pop back later.
Thanks, bye for now.

That's the warehouse where the large items of office equipment are stored. If I ordered a desk today, how would it be before I got delivery in Scotland?
Well, I think perhaps you'd better speak to our Production Manager, Mr. Yao. You'll meet him when we go over to the factory.

Excuse me. I have just missed the connection plane due to the heavy fog in London. Can I change my ticket now?
Please Show your ticket and passport.
Here you are.
Which flight do you want to change?
The next one to my destination. I have to be there as soon as possible.

Hi, can I speak with the apartment manager, please?
Hello, this is the apartment manager speaking.
I'm calling about the apartment for rent on Main Street.
Would you be interested in seeing the apartment?
I would love to see it.
Are you free today at around 6 p. m.?
Yes, I will be able to make it then.
Well, I'll see you at 6 p. m. Do you know how to get there?
I used to live in that area.
I'll give you an application form when I see you.
That sounds good. Do I need to bring anything?
No. Just bring yourself.

Good afternoon. Welcome to China. May I see your passport, customs and health declaration form?
Yes, here you are.
Thank you. W hat's your occupation, Mr. Smith?
I'm the general manager of the Far-East Industry Corporation. You are here on business, aren't you?
Yes, I have been invited by the East Import
I see. Do you have anything to declare?
Yes, I have some foreign currency to declare.
Would you please fill out this currency declaration form? It's a record of the foreign currency you have brought in.
All right.

How much does it cost for a bus pass?
It'll be $ 65 for a monthly pass.
Is there anything cheaper than that?
If you're in school, you can get a student pass.
Well, I am how much will that cost?
The pass is free.
I don't have to pay for anything?
You'll only have to pay for the monthly sticker.
How much is the monthly sticker?
It's $ 24 for each month.
I'll take the student bus pass.
Okay, I'll get you one.

I see there are some workmen on the site. When is the building work due to start?
Well, it'll take three weeks to demolish the old building and clear away the debris. We should be ready to start the construction work in week 23.
How long will the sub contractors be on site?
About ten weeks in total if everything goes according to plan.
I'm sure it will.
So, we should be able to start moving the machinery in during week 34.
I'll confirm that date with our suppliers.

Andrew's Hair Salon, this is Andrew.
Andrew, this is Linda Chen.
Hi Linda, what can I do for you?
I need to set up an appointment to get my hair fixed.
For what day?
Tuesday morning.

Have you bought a bus pass yet?
I'm not getting one.
Why is that?
It's cheaper if I don't buy one.
Buying a bus pass will save you money. How do you figure that?
There's no limit to how often you can use your bus pass.
Really? Plus, you don't have to use change for the bus anymore.
I like that.
You want to buy one now?
I'm going to.

Are you ready to order, sir?
Yes, I would like a roast duck and my friend wants steaks.
How do you like your steaks?
I'd like it medium-well.
OK, sir, wait a minute.

Hello, I want to know how much it costs to have a manicure and pedicure.
Usually it's 60 dollars for a manicure, and 80 dollars for a pedicure. But with this special discount, the total for both is only one hundred and 20 dollars, and you can get them painted.
That's nice. I'd like to give it a try. I think I like passion red. please.
Alright.Do you want your cuticles cut, too?
No. Would you like the shapes square or round?
Square. But with round at the edges, please.
All right, it's done. Please follow me to the drying section. How long will it take to get them dry?
Ten or about five minutes. You'll be all set.
I see, thank you.

Hello, this is Lucy. May I speak to Mr. Smith?
Oh, hello, Lucy. What's up?
I'm afraid I can't come to work today, Mr. Smith.
Oh, what's wrong with you?
I've got a fever and a very sore throat.
Well, you sound ill over the phone.
Yes. I have to stay in bed today, but I'll be able to come tomorrow.
That's all right. Have a good rest until you feel well enough.
Thank you, Mr. Smith. Goodbye.
Goodbye, Lucy.

Waiter, we have been waiting for 20 minutes. Would you mind hurrying?
I am sorry, sir, the fish you ordered will take a longer time because we make it with fresh fish.
That's fine. Would you please bring me some wine?
Sure, is dry white wine OK?
Yes.
Thank you.

Hi Bob, I won't be in work tomorrow.
Why, what's the problem?
I have a dentist appointment.
Okay.

I've come about your wools. According to our market survey, wools are likely to find a ready market in our country.
Wonderful?! We can meet your requirements and the offer is ready for you. Here it is. The unit price is USD 15.00 per kilogram.
Do you quote CIF or FOB?
It's FOB Shanghai. Could you quote the price of CIF Hamburg?
Certainly, that's easy. We will work out our CIF offer this evening. Could you come again tomorrow, say, at 10 AM?
Okay, see you tomorrow?!

Hi?! Do you want a fill-up?
Yes, please. Which type of gas do you want? Regular, Super, or Premium Unleaded?
What's the price difference?
Regular is $ 1.15, Super is $ 1.25 and Premium is $ 1.39.
Just fill it up with Regular, Unleaded, please. Do you want me to check the tires and the fluids?
Yes, I would. Thanks a lot.

Is your father in the habit of having naps?
Yes, all of us have naps.
Don't you feel dizzy when you have to get up?
No, not at all.

Excuse me. I need some storybooks in easy English. Do you have anything likethat?
Well, there are a lot of storybooks upstairs in our children's section. Some are written for young children, others for teens. Maybe some of them will suit your needs.
I'll go take a look. Thanks for your help.
You're welcome.

Good morning. I need to speak with the property manager, please.
Good morning. You are speaking to the property manager.
While it was raining last night, water started leaking in from the ceiling.
Was it leaking in the bedroom?
It was in the living room.
Can you tell me which floor you are on?
We are on the bottom floor.
I would like to look at the leak. Will you be home this morning?
Yes, someone will be here to let you in.
Just in case you have to leave, we will just use the master key.

How much is your last salary?
I have earned 10,000 a year including bonuses.
How much do you want us to pay you?
I like to be paid more than that. Hopefully, 150,000 a year.
To be honest, I left the company to get more income.

I hope you can help. I've got a bit of a problem with your ATM.
Of course, that's my job. Oh, dear. What's happened?
Well, it's eaten my card?! It won't give it back?!
I see... calm down, don't worry. May I ask what were you doing when it took your card?
Yes. I was only entering my PIN. I'm terrible at remembering it, I'm so forgetful, you see.
Mmmm... and exactly how many times did you enter it, please?
Maybe three times. As I said, I always forget it.
Ah?! Don't worry ; it's just a security measure. If someone uses a card and cannot get the right PIN after three attempts, the bank keeps the card in case it's stolen. Just contact the bank and we'll get it back to you.
Oh, I see. So if I call my branch they can sort everything out for me?
Yes, they'll be happy to help. Believe me, it happens to many people.
I'd better try harder to memorise my PIN in future. Thanks.

Is this the counter to pick up parcels?
Yes, it is. I want to pick up my parcels.
Please show me your parcel order.
OK. Here you are.
Let me check your parcel number. Song Ping's parcel number should be CP 06230221 5 CN.
Here is your parcel.
Thank you.
Not at all.

Hi Brittany. What are you doing with all of your clothes on your bed?
I'm trying to decide what to wear to school the first day.
Oh, A. Mom didn't tell you?
Didn't tell me what?
What? This Bs' school you're going to is going to make your life easy.
What are you talking about brother? Spill it.
Uniforms, sis, no more worrying about appearances?!
You mean I have to wear the same thing every day?
MOM?!

What would you like for your main dish?
Steak, please.
How would you like it?
Medium rare, please.
Anything else, sir? May I have a glass of red wine, please?
Of course.

Mr. Smith, do you like the hotel we booked?
Yes, we do. We like it very much.
I've come to make sure that your stay in Beijing is a pleasant one.
Thank you so much.

David, we have been doing business for three years, haven't we?
Yes, I'm glad we've had very pleasant cooperation in the previous years.
And your achievement for promoting our clothes was great in the three years. So, I wish to apply for the sole agency of your product in our local market. If you give us the agency, that will be more substantial for our cooperation.
To be frank, you are not the only one who applies for an agent for us in your country. I'd like to know some ideas of terms on which you would be willing to operate as our agent.
As we are a well-established company, we are very familiar with the customers' needs. Besides, we can make full use of our good connections with the wholesalers and retailers here and develop a good market for your products if appointed as your agent.
Sounds reasonable. I will tell my boss about you agent application. Another question, what do you think is the minimum annual sales you can guarantee?
To be on the safe side, and for garment of all materials, sizes, and styles, I think the amount will be 50,000 pieces a year.
Well. As our sole agency, you will neither handle the same or similar products of other origins nor re-export our goods to any other area outside your own.
No, certainly not.

Excuse me. I bought this circulator here yesterday but it doesn't work.
Oh, let's see what's wrong.

Where can I find the produce?
Aisle A is where you'll find all the produce.
What sales do they have today?
I'm sure something is on sale. Please check with the produce person.

Hello, this is Steven from Blue Sky Co. May I speak to Mr. James?
Speaking.
Excuse my troubling you. You purchased our products last year and now I am following up to find out about their workings. Are they still in good condition now?
Yeah, exactly?! I bought them last year. En... at present, they are still in good state.
That's it?! All of them have first-class quality and performance. Besides, we adopt advanced technology. Now we have developed new products. They are much better than what you have bought.
Your company is developing so fast. Maybe later on I will plan to buy more.
That's great?! Thanks for your support. If any, please remember to call us.
I am afraid I have to say goodbye now?!
Bye, Mr. James?!
Bye?!

Ms.Dawson, I need you to take a dictation for me.
Yes, sir... This should go out as an intra-office memorandum to all employees by this afternoon.Are you ready?
Yes, sir.Go ahead.
Attention all staff... Effective immediately, all office communications are restricted to email correspondence and official memos.The use of Instant Message programs by employees during working hours is strictly prohibited.
Sir, does this apply to intra-office communications only? Or will it also restrict external communications?
It should apply to all communications, not only in this office between employees, but also any outside communications.
But sir, many employees use Instant Messaging to communicate with their clients.
They will just have to change their communication methods. I don't want any - one using Instant Messaging in this office.It wastes too much time?! Now, please continue with the memo.Where were we?
This applies to internal and external communications.
Yes.Any employee who persists in using Instant Messaging will first receive a warning and be placed on probation.At second offense, the employee will face termination.Any questions regarding this new policy may be directed to department heads. Is that all?
Yes.Please get this memo typed up and distributed to all employees before 4 pm.

Do you have everything?
Let's see... my ID card, my passport, and my suitcase. I'm pretty sure I've got everything.

This is Dunlin. Is this Mrs Smith speaking?
Yes, what can I do for you?
I just want to call and say thank you for letting me interview yesterday.
You are welcome, Mr. Sun.
And I also want to know what the status is of the position.
Sorry, we haven't made the decision at all. But we should be making the decision by the end of this week. And we'll get in touch with you once we make it.
Do you have any questions we didn't cover in the interview?
No. Thank you, I am looking forward to hearing from you. Bye-bye.
Thank you for the calling. Bye-bye.

I often sneeze after having a bad itch inside my nose. Sometimes this is accompanied by an itching throat.
Any other discomfort?
Yes. Sometimes I can notice a constriction in the chest and shortness of breath after a fit of sneezing. And I often suffer from a running nose with a profuse watery discharge.
Does it occur seasonally or all year round?
It has been seasonal during these past three years.
Are you sensitive to other things?
Yes, things like seafood and penicillin-type drugs.
OK. Let me examine your nose. According to your case history and the examination, I believe that it's allergic rhinitis.
What useful treatment can you offer?
I'll give you a series of specific skin tests. Then we'll know exactly what substances you're allergic to. Then I'll give you some causes of desensitization therapy.

Miss, would you like to try this free sample of our new suntan cream?
Sure, why not?
This is a new product of company this year. It's oil-free.
I see. It feels very light on the skin.
It gives your skin a very natural healthy look. I like the cool smell, too.

So how can I make it?
First you make a list of what you wanna buy...
But I’Ve gotta have the budge before anything else.
Well, that’s a problem, isn’t it?

Did you have a part-time job when you were still in school?
No, I was way too busy studying all the time. How about you?
Yeah, I worked about twenty hours a week in a pizza restaurant.
What was that like?
It was always very busy there. What did you do?
I stood behind the register and took pizza orders.
Did you get any perks on the job?
Yeah, I got to eat as much pizza as I could for free.

Okay. I'd like to change some euro into US dollars, please.
Sure. How much would you like to change?
Six hundred euro.
Very good. May I see your passport?
Here you are.
How would you like your bills?
In fifties please.

Why are you reading the classifieds? What do you need?
I'm looking for a bookcase, but I don't want to buy a new one.
Are you having any luck?
Not really. There aren't any used bookcases listed. But there are a few rummage sales on Saturday. I think I'll go to them.
Do you mind if I go with you?
Not at all. These private sales are great places to bargain. And sometimes you can find terrific things among all the junk.
I learned to negotiate from my mother. I thought I was pretty good at bargaining, but I had a problem the other day at Kimble's Department Store.
What happened?
I wanted to buy a beautiful wool sweater for my girlfriend. It was priced at forty dollars, so I started by offering the salesclerk thirty.

Do you do a lot of your shopping online?
Not really. I like looking on the internet at what’s available, but I usually prefer to actually see and touch what I’m buying before I pay for it. Sometimes, I’ll look at something in a shop, but lat No. I’m a little worried about security. You never know who’s trying to find out your codes and passwords. Aren’t you worry about that?
Not really. I know that it happens, but if you buy from reputable companies with secure websites, you should be ok.
Even though I use online shopping facilities, I don’t think it’s the best way to sho
I’m surprised to hear you say that. I thought you loved anything technological.
I do. I’m a big fan of using new technology, but I don’t want to sit in front of a computer screen all day. I think people need to get out and interact with other people. So, how about coming to the department store with me? I want to see if there are any new summer clothes on sale yet.
Sure. I’d love to join you. Can we stop by the computer store? I just want to see if they have something.
Sure. While you’re in the computer store. I will visit the book store opposite. I like to browse through their books and see if they have anything interesting.
Ok. I’Ve finished online. Let’s go.
I’ll just get some money and my credit card.
Thanks for reminding me. I had forgotten to get mine.

Please help yourself at your dishes. I hope you’ll enjoy what you’Ve got.
It suits my taste. You are really a good cook.
Would you like to try my special recipe?
Wow, let me try. It tastes nice.
How did you make it?
It’s as easy as pie. I always follow recipes.

Mr. Dick. Does the recommendation of the university play an important role?
Yes. In fact, the recommendation letter written by the university is an indirect self-recommendation. In the long period of cooperation, the university has established good relationship with the companies or organizations, they trust each other well. If your university recommends you, you can be approved more easily.
But I find that most of the recommendation letters written by universities are the same. So I doubt its authority.
More and more persons have the same discoveries since most universities do that in order to save energy. If your university also does like this, you can look for other methods, because such kinds of recommendations say nothing for you. Could you tell me whether or not I send out my resume with it?
It depends. If it has something special or useful, I suggest you send it out.

Taylor, can you tell me how to apply for a job on the Internet?
Just fill out an application. Do I have to send an E-mail?
You are expected to know the E-mail address of the unit.
But I still don't know which unit is in need of staff. Send out an application through Job-wanted on the website.
Can any unit see my information?
It's a two-way choice. And your application will be read.
Which websites offer this service?
Sina, 21st Century Talent Net, and a few others.
Thank you.

Don’t throw your weight around. I can’t bear you any more.
I dare you to say that again.

Were you a leader when you were in college?
Yes. I was Propaganda department minister of our university.
Did you get any honors or awards at your university?
No. It’s a pity about it.
Were you involved in any club activities at your university?
Yes. I was a member of the basketball Society. I like playing basketball.
What extracurricular activities did you usually take part in at your college?
I sometimes played basketball and sometimes played football.

You want to argue your ticket today?
Yes. That is why I'm here.
Tell me your argument.
I was pulled over for allegedly speeding.
Are you sure you weren't speeding?
To be honest, I really wasn't.
What speed were you going?
I was under the speed limit. I was going 35, when the speed limit was 40.
I'm just going to let you go, since the arresting officer isn't here.
What about my ticket? Do I still need to pay?
Don't worry about it.
I'm so glad for your help.

Annie, do you like shopping online?
Yes, I like it, because it's convenient. Last week, I tried to buy a new cellphone online, but I didn't know how to pay for it.
First, you should open an account at the online bank. After that, you can buy anything you want online.
Are there many things online?
Sure. You can find everything all over the world. Let's check it out online?!
( They log in a shopping website. ) That's amazing. Oh, an on line virtual supermarket? Let's click to check it out. Oh, I got it. It simulates the real supermarket, which makes it feel so real.
Mom will love it. She loves shopping in supermarkets.

Ah, Bob. Just the person I wanted to see.
So what is it?
You gotta help me out this time, buddy.
Another tough thing, I guess.

Hey?! What happened??! My song was only half way through and it skipped to the next song.
I don't know what happened?! You cancelled the song, didn't you, Jack?
No, I didn't.
Really?! Then, is the machine broken or...

Good evening, Do you have a reservation?
Yes. The reservation under Mr. Watson.
Ah, yes, a table for four at 8 Em, no, thanks. I think we'll go straight to the table, By the way. may I check my overcoat here?
Certainly, sir. We'll keep it in the cloakroom for you. Here is your number. When you leave, show it to the waiter behind the counter, please.
Thank you. Could you show us to our table now? Would you please follow me, please?
Thank you. This is your table. It's Number 10.

Hello, ma’am. Can I help you? I’m looking for a sweater.
What size are you looking for?
Well, I’m looking for size 10 but you don’t have it.
How about this one? I think it looks terrific on you.
Yes, I like the color. Can I try it on?
Sure. The fitting room is on your right.
It fits well. I like it a lot. What do you think?
You look pretty in red.
Oh, it’s my favorite. How much is it?
$ 29.99.
Okay. I’ll take it. Thank you very much for your help.
You’re welcome.

Do you have any cars available?
We have only one mid-size car left.
Great, what's the rate per day?
It's 40 $ plus tax per day on limited mileage.
I'm going to need it for three days. Can I see your driver's license?
Sure, here is my driver's license.
Please sign here.

Are you ready to order? I think that we have a pretty good idea of what we would like to order.
Let me tell you about the specials of the day, which are chicken in a wine sauce with capers, and grilled garlic shrimp.
I was wondering if the chef could leave off the sauce.
The chef would be happy to accommodate your special requests.
I am a vegetarian. Do you have any vegetarian selections?
You could choose the roasted vegetable and garlic pizza or the goat cheese and candied walnut salad.
I think that we will split the roasted vegetable and garlic pizza.
That is a good selection, and I can bring your salads now or serve them with your entree.
You can bring us our salads when you bring us our entree.

I can't open this email attachment our Paris office has sent me. Are you sure you're using the right program?
Well, yes it's definitely the same program but I might have the wrong version. Their system is newer than ours.
That's why you can't open it. You'll have to upgrade before you can read the file.

What kind of character do you think you have?
Generally speaking, l am an open-minded person.
What is your strongest trait?
Cheerfulness and friendliness.
How would your friends or colleagues describe you?
They say Mr. Sun is a friendly, sensitive, caring and determined person.
What personality do you admire?
I admire a person who is honest, flexible and easy-going.
How do you get along with others?
I get on well with others.

Hi, I need to make an appointment to see the doctor.
What seems to be the problem?
I have a rash that I need a doctor to look at.
Do you have a fever with that rash?
No, it just itches a lot.
I have openings on Tuesday or Wednesday. Which would be best for you?
I need an appointment on Tuesday.
Fine, I am putting you down for 9
I would like to see Dr. Jones.
I can schedule you with him with no problem.
We look forward to seeing you.

Wow?! What's the hold up?
It’s probably just people trying to get an early start out of the city for the weekend. Nobody sticks around in the summer.
Really? Then, I guess I won’t have a hard time finding a room or getting a cab?
Actually, you might because there’s a big convention in town this weekend.
I’m not too worried about it. I always seem to find something.

Hello, how can I help you today?
I'd like to withdraw some money from my account.
Please fill out this slip stating how much you wish to withdraw.
Well, actually, it's quite a substantial amount. Here's my Bank Book. Will that cause a problem?
On your account there is no limit to over the counter withdrawals, it won't cause a problem.
Here's your money, 10,000 RIB. Please count it before you leave.
Yes, that seems to be all in order. Thanks very much.

Quality is very important to us. We work to very low tolerance levels. We need to have guaranteed supplies of consistently high quality raw materials. Over the years we've built up very good relationships with our suppliers.
Do you have many different suppliers?
Yes. There are about fifty names on our approved supplier list, but for raw materials we tend to deal with three local companies.

Mary, can you tell me how you keep in shape?
You'll never be in shape until you eat less and take more exercise. Now, tell me what you often eat.
I often eat fish and eggs. Do you eat a lot of vegetables?
Oh yes, and fruits. I love fruits very much.
What do you like to drink?
Well, I never drink alcohol, coffee or tea. Whatever would you like to drink?
I drink a lot of milk. I drink milk almost every day. How often do you exercise?
Well, I walk every day. It's a good diet and a regular exercise.
Yes, quite right.

I am sorry, but I cannot stay for the rest of class today.
Why do you need to leave early?
I don’t feel so good. What doesn’t feel right?
I feel as if I am going to be sick to my stomach.
Perhaps you should get checked out at the Student Health Center before you go home.
I have some medicine at home that I could take.
Are you going to be OK to drive home, or would you like someone to go with you?
Thank you, but my friend is in the library, and he can give me a ride home.
We hope that you are feeling better soon. E-mail me if you have any questions.

Your boyfriend is so considerate to you. When do you plan to marry?
It’s still up in the air. There is something wrong between us.

We're considering of ordering 200 computers, but I'm wondering about the price you'll possibly offer.
Our price will be not less than $ 5000.
Your price is higher than I expected. Could you give us a little discount?
This is already our best price. But the price is always negotiable and you should consider our quantity of order.
Well, what would you suggest? Could you make it $ 4500?
I'm afraid that there is no room to negotiate the price. This is the best price we can quote.
Can we meet each other half way?
What do you mean? Let's close the deal at $ 4800, OK?
You drive a hard bargain?! OK, that's a deal.

I'm now on the Songshan airport getting ready for departure. I realized that I might have left my watch.
Yes, Ma'am. May I have your name and room number?
My name is Terry. I stayed last night in your hotel in room 132. What kind of watch is it?
It's a brand-new Seiko wrist watch.
Yes, we have it.
Oh, I'm glad to hear that. Would you kindly send it to the Hilton Hotel?

What are your thoughts on the apartment?
I think that it’s absolutely gorgeous.
There aren’t any problems with the apartment?
I think that the apartment looks very nice, but I do see some problems.
What problems?
I did notice a few stains in the carpet.
We will have the carpet cleaned before you move in.
You will?
Yes, but other than that, are there any more problems?
That was the only thing that I saw that was wrong with the apartment.
I’m happy that you find this apartment so appealing.
It is. I love it.

That China-gown of Tang-Dynasty style is so beautiful. Would you show it to me, please?
Absolutely. Here it is.
Could I try it on?
Please do, the fitting-room is over there.
It feels a little tight around the waist. Do you have a bigger one?
I'm sorry. We don't have this color in your size. We have some green ones in your size. Would you please have a look at this green one?
OK. How much does it cost?
It's 486 yuan.
Mmm, it is reasonable.

Mrs. Wang, would you give us an idea of the price you regard as workable?
As I said before, your price is so high that we find it difficult to make a bid. We hope you will take the initiative and bridge the gap.
Just to comply, we're ready to reduce the price by 5 percent. I hope this concession of ours will get the ball rolling.
So do we. Certainly it's a step forward on your side. But the gap is still too wide.
The ball is in your court, Mrs.Wang. What price would you suggest?
To make your offer workable, I think you should take another step down as big as the one you've just taken.
That won't do. You see, our profit margin is very narrow. It simply can't stand such a big cut.
I hate to disappoint you, Mr. Brown, but if that's the case, we have no alternative but to cover our requirements elsewhere.
Do think it over, please. We sincerely hope our discussion will come to a successful conclusion.
Well, I'm not authorized to agree to such a big reduction. Would you mind waiting a day or two, until I get a reply from the home office?
Not at all. Shall we meet again, say, on Friday morning?
Good. Friday morning at 9.

Good morning. Good morning.This is Mary.Can I speak to Anne please?
I’m sorry She isn’t in at the moment. She will come back at half past nineCan I take a message for her?
Thank you.But I will call her later
OK.Goodbye.
Goodbye.

Hi, Jane. How are you doing this morning?
I’m all right, thanks. Just a little tired.
Late night?
Yeah, I got home around two.

We've been waiting here for nearly ten minutes now, and there still isn't a bus in sight. I'm afraid we'll be late for the party. Have you got the time, Tom?
Yes, my watch says a quarter to seven. but there is something wrong with my watch?!
But you bought it only last month.
Yes, but ever since I bought it, it gains about five minutes a day, so I' Ve got to have it repaired.
How long will it take us to get there?
I think about ten minutes by bus.
It's not far away, then. Let's walk, it's beginning to rain.
Wait?! I think I see a bus coming now.
Let's hope it's the No. 22 bus.

Hi, Mr. Smith. I'm Doctor Hawkins. Why are you here today?
I found it would be a good idea to get a check-up.
Yes, well, you haven't had one for 5 years. You should have one every year.
I know. I figure as long as there is nothing wrong, why go see the doctor?
Well, the best way to avoid serious illnesses is to find out about them early. So try to come at least once a year for your own good.
Ok. Let me see here. Your eyes and ears look fine. Take a deep breath, please. Do you smoke, Mr. Smith?
Yes.
Smoking is the leading cause of lung cancer and heart disease, you know. You really should quit.
I've tried hundreds of times, but I just can't seem to kick the habit.
Well, we have classes and some medications that might help. I'll give you more information before you leave.
Ok, thanks doctor.

Good afternoon. Mr. Tylor's office?
I'm afraid you've got the wrong extension.
I'm sorry, but could you please transfer this call to Mr. Tylor's office?
Sure, please hold on.
Thank you. Now Mr. Tylor's on the line. Go ahead, please.
You are so kind, you helped me a lot.
You are welcome. Bye?!

Good afternoon, Lexington Software. Angelina Dawson, how can I help?
Hello, this is Quinn from IBA.
Ah, hello Quinn. Oh dear, you are calling to tell me there is a problem, aren't you?
I'm afraid so, yes.
Hmm... well, it was my first attempt?! Is it a very big mistake, or can we just alter it?
Unfortunately it's rather a big mistake.
What do you recommend we do?
I would recommend we scrap this one and you bring in another set as soon as possible.
I trust your judgement. Thank you, Quinn. I'll be back tomorrow with a new set. Bye for now.

Oh?!?!?! I have a horrible toothache.
You should go to the dentist.
I hate dentists.
Well, suffer then. If you have a toothache, you have to go to the dentist. It always hurts.
I hate going.
Stop being such a baby. If it really hurts that much, just let them knock you out.
O. K., O. K., I’ll go.
Good. You'll feel better after you do.

Hi, I would like to purchase a one way ticket to Brussels, please.
Certainly sir, this is our train schedule. We have an express train departing every morning and an overnight train that departs at nine pm.
How long does it take to get there?
About twelve hours. We currently have tickets available only for first class on the express train. If you’d like, you can choose a sleeper on the overnight train which is a bit less expensive.
Yeah, I think that is the best option. Do you serve food on the train? Twelve hours is such a long time?!
Yes, of course. There is a dining car towards the front of the train where they serve meals at all times. We do provide complimentary water and coffee for all of our passengers.
Great?! I’ll take it. Here you are sir. Your train leaves from platform number nine at nine on the dot. Remember to be here at least thirty minutes before your scheduled departure time or else you might miss your train?!
I understand. Thank you very much?! Have a great trip.

I would like to take a trip to the beach this weekend.
A trip to the beach would be fun. How is the weather going to be?
The forecast says that it will be warm on the weekend.
So do you think it'll be perfect weather for the beach?
It sounds like it will be. I really hope it doesn't get cold. That would ruin things, I want to go so badly.
The weather in California is unpredictable, so you never know.
That is true. The weather is constantly changing. It would be nice if the weather would never change.
That would be great, then we could plan things sooner. True.
Predictable weather would make life easier.

Some companies use to ban dating among employees, but now they have realized it is something in avertable. People spend so much time at work. It is not surprising for one to have a crash on the other. If we think positively, office love can be beneficial to company.
Beneficial? I don’t think so. If two employees get married, they will leave at the same time for a honeymoon, or later one of them will stay at home taking care of babies. If they break up, the company will probably have to relocate one of them to make the workplace more comfortable. By any means, the company must spare extra efforts to solve problems brought by an office dating.
But if two employees are in love, they will be happy. Happy people are more productive. If they develop an intimate relation with each other, they are willing to share knowledge and experience. It can help to improve work efficiency.
I doubt that.

Do you eat a lot of healthy food?
Compared with healthy food, unhealthy food just tastes so much better. And anyway, I believe if you live a low stress Life and are active, you can get away with eating whatever you like. It's all in the mind.
You have the point. I think cancer is caused by more worry than by the things we consume. Some good things you should try are cranberry juice, wild rice and yoghurt.
What's special about these things?
Cranberry juice is very good for destroying harmful bacteria in your guts because it's very acidic. Wild rice is high in fibre so it's good for your guts and it's high in protein and minerals-I think it's also tastier than normal rice. Yoghurt's good because it's also rich in protein, vitamins and is also acidic. People have been making yoghurt for thousands of years and if you have it every day, your guts will be much more settled.
Thanks. I'm going to follow your advice and pop down to the supermarket right now.

I've been so tired recently. I've been trying, but I don't think I'm up to this job.
You need to take a break, maybe a vacation. Oh, yes, indeed. I've run out of steam.
To be honest, I want to be in a different environment.
Is that so?
Yes, I don't want to be stuck in a rut. I want to move on.
Have you decided?
Yes. I want to get a better job.
Could you tell me why you want to quit?
I quit just because of the dissatisfying salary and the trouble in getting along with my colleagues.
Oh, that's terrible. Do you want to get a higher salary in our company?
I'm afraid not. I've promised my girlfriend. We'll travel southwards to find a job that offers higher pay.
OK, I'd like to say that I've really enjoyed working with you. However, I think you should work harder for your new job and then you can ask for higher pay.
Thank you so much for your advice. And every best wish for your new job.
Thank you.

The train is leaving. Hurry up?! Which car are we in?
Let me see. Oh, No. 11. Here we are, Car 11. Let's get in.
Seats No. 20 and 21. It’s nice that we’Ve got a window seat.
Let's put our suitcases on the rack.
Oh, the baggage rack is full. Put them under the seat for the time being.
All right.

So, how should we get to the theatre? Let's take the bus.
I hate the bus system in London?! The bus drivers are rude, the buses are never on time, and there are few people around who can help you.
It's not that bad. You probably just had a bad experience once.
It wasn't just once. Every single time I take the bus, something bad happens to me or to someone else on the bus.
We could take the subway, but we'd have to go three stops along one line and then change trains twice. Train fares are twice as expensive as the bus fare, too.
If we don't hurry up, we'll miss the show. Should we take the bus?
We're already late, so I think we had better take a taxi.
I don't think we'll be able to find a taxi very easily during hush hours. Let's just take the bus.
Fine. Have a look at the timetable to find out when the next one arrives.
It looks like it should be here in just a few minutes. don't worry. Nothing bad will happen. I'll even buy your ticket for you.
Thanks, that was nice of you.
See, now something good has happened to you on a bus trip?!

Let's go over this plan again. From Vancouver, we bike along the border all the way to Winnipeg. And that is mostly flat, right?
Relatively, once we're out of Alberta, anyway. Then it's hills again in Aitoba.
And from Winnipeg we go around the lakes through Toronto, right?
That's right. And up in to Quebec. And that's where we stop.
It doesn't sound like that much when we go over the plan but that's a long, long ride. Are you ready for the cross country of a lifetime?

Good morning, sir. What can I do for you?
I'm Bill. I'm in Room 908. Can you change the room for me? It's too noisy. My wife was woken up several times by the noise the baggage elevator made. She said it was too much for her.
I'm awfully sorry, sir. I do apologize. Room 908 is at the end of the corridor. It's possible that the noise is heard early in the morning when all is quiet.
Anyhow, I'd like to change our room.
No problem, sir. We'll manage it, but we don't have any spare room today. Could you wait till tomorrow? The American People-to-people Education Delegation will be leaving tomorrow morning. There'll be some rooms for you to choose from.
All right. I hope we'll be able to enjoy our stay in a quiet suite tomorrow evening and have a sound sleep.
Be sure. I'll make a note of that. Everything will be taken care of. And if there is anything more you need, please let us know.

It's time for bed.
I'm not ready to go to sleep. I'm not tired.
It's quite late, and you have an early day tomorrow.
I'm not going to be able to fall asleep.
Why don't you try counting sheep?
I've tried that before. It really doesn't work.
That's beside the point, you still need to go to bed.
Why can't I just stay up until I fall asleep?
If I let you do that, then you're just going to be up all night.
I promise I'll go to sleep soon.
No, you're going to sleep now, so good night.
See you in the morning.

I see myself as being honest, diligent, persevering and creative. And I have a strong sense of responsibility.
How about your psychological resilience?
I think I can work well under pressure, if necessary.
How would you deal with those who are not easy to get along with?
I will just be sincere and friendly to others, and I believe they will treat me the same way.
You seem to be a kind-hearted lady.
Thank you. I simply believe the goodness of human nature.
Please tell me your weaknesses if you can.
I should admit that sometimes I care too much about the details. I am always in pursuit of perfection.

Karen? I need to go over a few things with you.
Certainly. Mr. Graham. When would you like to meet?
I was thinking about this afternoon, after the sales meeting.
Fine. At 3:30?

I believe we' Ve met before. My name's David.
Yes, at your company, I think. I'm Frank.
Oh, I remember now.Very nice to meet you again.
Nice meeting you, too.

I made my little brother cry.
Shame on you?!

I need some mascara. Do you have good thickening mascara?
Of course. Here is our thickening mascara. We also have mascara designed to lengthen the eyelashes.
Alright. And I want to consider your eye shadow too. Do you have a color chart can look at?
We have a very wide selection of colors. And our eye shadow is specially designed to moisturize the skin. So it is very gentle on your eyelids. Would you like to sample some?
Oh, sure I will need to clean off my own eye shadow first.
I can help you with that.
Thank you.

Is this the baggage claim area for flight KB256?
Yes, we are on the same plane.
But I am a transfer passenger. I have a connecting flight to Miami.
So you have to bring your baggage to the transfer check-in area.
Yes.It' s quite troublesome. Why not go and find a porter?

Billy, you don’t look too well. Maybe you should take the day off school.
But Mom?! Today we’re playing football?! I love football?!
You’Ve got a fever and playing football isn’t a good idea for a boy with a fever.
What’s that on your arm?
I don’t know. It was there when I woke up this morning.
It’s rash. I’d better take you to see the doctor.
How did you get that bruise on your leg?
I bashed it against the chair in my room.
Does it hurt?
A little, but not much. Here. Put this wet towel on your face to keep your temperature down. I’ll take you to the doctor’s after breakfast.
If I’m better this afternoon, can I go to school?
If you are better, but I doubt you will be.

This is your schedule.
You're going out of your way for us, I believe.
You are our honored guests.

Are there any vacancies still available?
Yes. We need a plumber here.
I am looking for a job that is more advanced than that, such as sales manager or regional manager.
I am sorry. They are not available now.

My name is Mary, and I will be your waitress tonight.
Thank you, Mary. We have been looking forward to trying out this restaurant.
Before your main course, would you like to order an appetizer?
Sure, that sounds great. Where are your appetizers listed?
There is a special appetizer menu right here in the center of the table.
The chicken and cheese quesadilla looks good. Is that pretty good?
You know, that is one of my favorites?!
OK, I'll take one order of that.
You could choose another appetizer for half price to share.
Perfect?! Please add on an order of onion rings.

I am waiting for a fax but just now I found there's something wrong with the fax machine.
What's wrong with the fax machine? Is it urgent?
Yes, very urgent. And there is no other fax machine around. And the office of our boss is closed, so I can not use his machine either. And his secretary is out. Do you have any suggestion?
Either call this extension number 0085 or ask them to send the fax to you as e-mail, you print it out.

I would like to speak to you, if you don’t mind.
What would you like to speak to me about?
I would like to talk to you about this year’s election.
Is that right? I am a volunteer for this year’s campaign.
That’s wonderful. I am impressed at someone so young taking a stand. I know history is about to be made, and I would like to be a part of it.
That’s fantastic. Are you planning on voting?
I’m going to vote. Go to your polling place early on Election Day.
I will.
Good luck with your volunteering.

We hope that there will be no repetition of this kind of trouble in the future.
Yes. I promise it will not happen again.
We look forward to your settlement at an early date.
We will inform you as soon as possible.

Hello, Steven. How do you get along with your job?
Actually, I learn many things from it. I find that I am a quick learner in new things.
Practice makes perfect. By the way, what do you learn from your job?
At first I didn't know anything about the machine. Now I know how to operate it. Besides, the work gives me a sense of fulfillment and achievement.
Yeah, you are a good learner. I must commend you for your good performance.
Thank you. That's a long way to go for my job.
I appreciate your effort very much. The coffee break is over ; it's about time we set to work.
OK, let's go.

Where on earth are we?
Judging by all the traffic, I'd say we're near the outskirts of the city.
What did I do wrong? Did I take a wrong turn?
I'm not sure, but I think you turned right when you should have turned left on the flyover bridge.
Well, now we should turn back a few kilometres. It seems that the traffic sign is much more important than the map.

Hello. Front desk.
Yes. This is Bob Robinson. I’m calling from room number 627.
Hi, Bob. What can I do for you? Is it possible to change to another room?
Could you please tell me why? My room is facing the swimming pool. It’s noisy for me. I have a problem sleeping. And I feel uncomfortable when I take an elevator.
So you need a quiet side room on the lower floor.
You’re right. Okay. Let me check for a room on the first floor.
Thank you.
I’Ve only two rooms on the first floor. How about room 108?
That’s fine. Can I move now?
Sure. I’ll send the bellman to help you.
Oh, thank you kindly.
You’re welcome.

How long will it take for our order to be delivered?
Let's see. You are importing fifty containers of textiles from China. They should be able to place your order before the end of next week. It will take 2 days for shipping to the port city of Ningpo. The freight will take 3 weeks on the open ocean and will arrive in Los Angeles approximately a month from today. Domestic shipping will be your responsibility, you can make arrangements with the pier in Los Angeles.
Fine, we will handle domestic shipping, but what about customs? Will we have to pay tariff on our imports?
I hope we don't run into any problems with the border control.
No, the Chinese company has that all worked out. With the paperwork you receive with the shipment, you should be good to go.

Now you're my boss, Mr. Henry. Do you have any other particular conditions that you would like the company to take into consideration?
No, nothing in particular. You may ask questions about us, if you have any.
All right. When can I start?

What are you doing here today?
I would like to fight my ticket.
Is the arresting officer in the courtroom today?
Yes, the officer is here today. What's your case?
I was pulled over for running a red light, but I never did.
Do you believe that the officer lied?
There was a camera on the signal. So, he was obviously lying.
Your license plate was caught on camera?
A picture of my license plate was never taken.
Since there is no picture of your license plate on record, I'm going to let you go.
Thank you. I'm glad that you believe me.

Hey Joe, what are you doing in this department store?
Hi, Rita, I'm just looking for a pair of shoes. I won't be here for long.
Why not? When I go shoe shopping, I have so many options for sneakers that I spend awhile looking at all of the choices.
That's my problem. I don't have a lot of options. What do you mean?
This is a big store, isn't it?
Yes, but I have unusually big feet. That wouldn't be too much of a problem except that they're also very wide, and only a few brands sell shoes that I can fit into.
So how do you usually go about buying shoes, then?
Well, first of all, I can only go to certain stores that can guarantee me a large selection.
Well, you're in the right store. If they don't have it, no one will.
After that I choose something from one of the few brands that I know will fit me. I prefer white, so I ask them to bring me a pair of white sneakers in my size. Since I’m usually only given one or two pairs of shoes that meet my qualifications, it makes it a very easy choice.

what shall we do after the volleyball match?
how about going to the Olympic souvenir store to have a look? I remember there is one in the gym.
that's a good idea. I was thinking of buying some gifts for my family. me, too.
What did you have in mind?
I haven't decided yet, but I think the Olympic Mascots are a must.
I agree. They're very lovely, especially " Huan Huan ".
is that the red one? That is my favorite, too. Do you know how much they are?
the five dolls are sold together as a set, and they're priced according to the size. The bigger they are the more expensive.
oh, I see. If I buy more than a set, can I get any discount?
I don't think so. All the souvenirs of the Olympic Games are very hot right now.
any other ideas?
there are lots of things, such as postcards, key chains, posters and various arts and crafts.
it all sounds great. We can go there after the match. I can't wait to see what they have.

Mom?! I hate eating vegetables?!
You don’t have to eat them. I don’t mind.
Thanks mom?! Can I have dessert now? I love chocolate cake?!
No dessert for you unless you eat all your vegetables.
But I don’t like them?! It’s not fair?!
You can have some fruit for dessert. If you eat an apple and a banana, I might let you have a small piece of chocolate cake.
Ok... actually, I don’t mind eating peas and carrots, buy I hate broccoli and cauliflower.
I’ll remember that for next time. You’ll get extra peas and carrots, buy no broccoli or cauliflower. OK?
Thanks mom?!

It was very kind of you to give me a tour of the place. It gave me a good idea of your product range.
It’s a pleasure to show our factory to our customers. What’s your general impression, may I ask?
Very impressive, indeed, especially the speed of your NW Model. That’s our latest development. A product with high performance.
We put it on the market just two months ago. The machine gives you an edge over your competitors, I guess.
Certainly. No one can match us as far as speed is concerned.
Could you give me some brochures for that machine? And the price if possible.
Right. Here is our sales catalog and literature.
Thank you. I think we may be able to work together in the future.

Is the factory fully-automated?
Not completely. Our production process is partially-automated. We use robots on the production line for routine assembly jobs but some of the work is still done manually.
What about supply of parts to the production line?
Well, the parts are automatically selected from the store room using a bar-code system. And there is an automatic feeder which takes them to the conveyor belt at the start of the production line.
What about the smaller components?
They're transported to the workstations on automated vehicles - robot trucks - which run on guide rails around the factory.

I'm glad you're on your ten-year reunion planning committee.
Yeah, you get the TV to yourself while I spend my nights surfing the Net for missing classmates. That's not why. This way I can see how you guys do this sort of thing.
I guess. Don't you have reunions in Taiwan?
Definitely. Every year. But just for our forty-person class. Ours are for everyone that graduated in the same year.

What does your job involve?
I'm the Project Manager so I have to make sure our projects run smoothly. I work with three Project Engineers. They take care of after-sales service and look after the maintenance side of the business.

How many languages can you speak?
Besides Chinese, I can speak English and French. You mean you can read and write both of them?
No, I can only carry on a simple conversation in French.
Can you read and write English well?
I can speak the language better than read and write.
Do you speak the language well enough to communicate with people of English-speaking countries?
I think so. I used to be an interpreter. Do you think your English is good enough to do desk work?
The amount of English I know enables me to do general desk work. I believe what I know is sufficient to work in an American firm.

What can I get for you? Here is the menu.
Let me have a look. Well, how many kinds of steaks do you have?
We have sirloin steaks, pepper steak, and filet steak.
Is there something go with the filet steak?
Yes, we have various sauces.
What about the gravy?

Are you ready to go shopping?
Just a minute. I need to make a list of thinks that we need.
Good idea. Have you written down potatoes, carrots, and onions?
I don’t have onions on my list. I’ll add them. We should get some tea. Is green tea ok or should we get the same tea that we usually get?
Let’s get both. We need some coffee too. Is that on your list?
Yes, it is. Here’s my list. Is there anything that I’Ve forgotten?
I think you’Ve got everything. I want to got some chocolate and some cheese.
What kind of cheese do you want.
I’m not sure. I’ll decide at the cheese counter, when I can see what they have.
Have we got enough money?
We don’t have enough cash, so I’ll take my credit card and we can pay with that.
Where are the car keys?
I’Ve got them there. Shall I drive?

Hello, can you tell me how to use the telephone?
If you want to order meals, call 8801.If you need other help, call 8803 and someone will be there.
Thank you so much. By the way, is there a mail service?
Yes, you can take your letters to the counter over there.

I am afraid that the fax machine in my room won’t be working till tomorrow. A technician has just come and checked it. He will bring me a new one tomorrow. It seems there is a big problem with mine and it will take some days for repairing. Can I use the one in your office?
Of course you can. I am sure this one works very well. I just sent dozens of pages. How many pages are you sending? Are you familiar with my fax machine?
Yes, I think you have the same model as I have.
Does your fax machine print out immediately a transmission protocol?
Yes, it will print immediately.

How many years have you done business with China?
Let me see, about five years, we established our business relationship with Hua Mei of China Import & Export Corporation in 2003.
Do you have any difficulties in doing business in China? You know the Chinese economic legislation is still incomplete?
I don't think I have any problem with our Chinese partners. They have always followed the contract strictly. We can do business directly with the corporation. As I mentioned before, the Chinese government is trying very hard to perfect its law. Its commercial legislation provides legal protection for foreign companies.
Well, it's known that the Sino-American relation is in a dilemma. Does it influence your business in China?
Actually not at present. But we are afraid it will. You know policies influence business to some extent.
I hope our government will not be influenced by some extremists. China is really a large market. We don't want to lose it.
Thank you.
You're welcome.

Give me a pack of first-class stamps, please.
Here you are. That will be five dollars. Anything else?
Yes. I want some post cards and some airmail stamps. I want to send some letters to South America.
Just a moment, I'll look up the rate for air-mail letters to South America.
Can you tell me how much it will cost to send a package to Colombia? Also, I what to know how long it will take.
Do you have the package with you? I would have to weigh it to see how much it would cost. Do you insure package?
Yes. All you have to do declare the value of the package and decide how much you want to insure it for.
Is there a way that I can be sure that the people in South america receive my package?
The post office rarely loses package. You can, however, request a rectum receipt.
One last question-what are your hours?
We open at eight-thirty in the morning and close at five-thirty in the afternoon.
Thank you, you helped me a lot.

Hello, thank you for taking the time to interview me.
Hi there, I’m Bill Gotcha, the owner of Gotcha Enterprises. Did you find your way here OK?
Your assistant gave wonderful directions.
Why are you switching jobs at this point in your career?
Our Company is moving overseas and I wish to stay in the United States.
What are you best at?
I am good at organizing systems that have been having problems.
What is your biggest challenge in terms of skills?
I don’t like to sit around and so like to always find things to do to keep myself busy.
That is good to hear?!

Good morning. SRC international. How may I help you?
Good morning. I'd like to speak to Peter. Chen Please.
Certainly. Who should I say is calling?
This is Tim. Hunter from Hunter industries.
And what is it regarding please?
We have an appointment for this afternoon. Mr. Chen will know why I'm calling.
Of course, Please hold the line Mr. Hunter.

Right, let me run through your options. You can go ahead and cash your undue Large-Amount Deposit Certificate if you really want to, but I'd recommend a Personal Durable Commodities Loan.
OK, what does that entail?
It's not too much trouble to do it this way and remember, your certificate is due in 2 months. If you can hold on to it, it'll be much better for your finances.
Yes, it does seem a little silly to cash it now. I'll probably need about 25,000 RIB. Will that be a problem?
Not at all, Mr Zu. As the certificate is due in 2 months, you can get the loan on mortgage of that certificate.
I'm glad you thought of this. I'd have just gone ahead and cashed it?! And I suppose I can use the money from the certificate to pay back this Personal Durable Commodities Loan and I won't lose any interest, right?
Exactly right. If you'd like to go ahead, I can process that for you now, Mr Zu.
Absolutely, Jenny. Thanks very much, I think you've saved me quite a lot of money today.

My aunt told me one of her secrets--cellophane tape. I just got it at the special health store. It's for my flabby arms.
Let me know how it works. I have to say, I have had enough of this roller coaster.
I know what you mean. I'm like a yo-yo. Last week I was down to 60 kilos. This week I had one donut more. Now I'm up to 62 kilos.

May I have a menu, please?
Of course. Could you tell me how this thing is cooked? Lobster?
It is steamed and served with our special sauce.
Is it good?
Sure. It is a most popular dish.
I think I will try some lobster, and give me some green salad together.

Can’t you come in and have tea now, Peter?
Not yet, I must water the garden first.
Do you have to water it now?
I’m afraid I must. Look at it?! It’s terribly dry.
What a nuisance?! Last summer it was very dry, too. Don’t you remember? I had to water it every day.
Well, I’ll have tea by myself.
That was quick?! Have you finished already? Yes, Look out of the window. It’s raining.
That means you needn’t water the garden.
That was a pleasant surprise. It means I can have tea, instead.

I'm broke, and I have to catch another bus.
Why don't you have any money for another bus?
I got hungry and bought some chips.
That was smart.
Anyway, do you have any change I can use for the bus?
I don't have any.
I don't know how I'm going to get home.
Get a transfer from the bus driver.
How much is a transfer?
It doesn't cost anything.
That's great?! Thanks for your help.
You know what? Don't mention it.

Hello, Anna. Come in and sit down.
Hello, doctor.
What's the matter? I've got a backache.
Do you often suffer from backache?
No, I don't. I've never had a bad one before. When did it start?
About four days ago.
Well, go home and rest in bed for two days, then you'll feel better. Can you give me some medicine? It's very painful.
Yes, I'll give you some pills. Take one a time and three times a day, and come back in three days. If you don't feel...

Welcome on board. May I see your boarding pass?
Here you are. Your seat is three, in the third row, near the window.
Thank you. Where can I put my suitcase?
Either in the overhead compartment or underneath the seat.
Everyone's attention, please. We are going to take off. Please fasten your belts.

Hello, madam. How do you like your staying here?
Quite good. Excuse me, are there any places of interest?
Yes, there are so many near our hoteI. Three blocks away from here, there is temple. It's famous for its building and paintings. lt' s worth visiting.
Thank you. I think today we will go there.

You're here to make a deposit, is that correct?
Right. I'd like to deposit 2,000 RIB into my Current Account.
No problem. Could I have the cash and your Bank Book, please?
Oh dear... there seems to be some problems here... What? What's wrong?
I'm sorry but 5 of these notes seem to be counterfeit. Look at this watermark, do you see it?
It does look a little strange, I didn't notice that before.

Hello, sir. Is there anything I can help you find?
Um... Uh... I'm just looking, thanks.
Need a gift for your girlfriend or wife...
No, no, no. I'm just browsing. Thanks anyway.
Well, if you need anything, just ask. Um... well, where's the men's shoe department?
It's on the third floor. Turn left when you get off the escalator.
Thanks.

An idea about killing time on a train?
I advise you to read Playboy.You can get a lot from it.
But there's quite a lot of rumors about it.
That's why it's interesting.

Have you brought the receipt with you?
No, I don't. I left it home.
Sorry, but we can't do anything without the receipt. Come back with it.
I didn't know. I'll go to get it. How late will you be open?
Till 5:30.

I haven't told you what happened yet, have I?
I haven't heard anything.
My boss offered me a promotion, and I took it.
Are you serious?
Yes, I am really excited.
That's great. Congratulations?!
Thank you.
Actually, I could not believe it at first. You know, there're so many outstanding people in our company. Many of them are qualified to fill that position.
Sure, but you really did great and outperformed the others. You deserved it?!
Thank you very much.

I like Chinese food.
I like Chinese food, too. I like dumplings best. At school, we sometimes have Chinese food for lunch.
That's good. We eat Chinese food only at the Chinese restaurant.
My mother can make some Chinese food.
Really? That's wonderful?!

OK. Come back into the classroom, class.
Does the class start again, Mam?
Yes, but to the heath, this break has last long enough.
Oh, breaktime flies. come on, baby. It’s time now.
Mam, another minute, could I?
Hurry up, little boy.

What's the actual flight time from here to San Francisco?
It's about twelve hours.
Can you tell me what time we're arriving?
Sure. Let me see... at 6:15 a. m. local time.
I see. And that'll be 10:15 p. m. Beijing time.

Excuse me, but I'm not feeling too well. I think I'm going to throw up.
There's an airsickness bag behind the seat that's in front of you.
I must've missed it. Is this your first time flying?
Yes. I'm going to San Francisco.
Oh, it's a beautiful city. I think you'll like it.
Hey, I'm feeling much better already.
Sometimes if you don't think about it, that sick feeling will go away on its own.
Thanks.
By the way, my name is Mary.
I'm Frank. Nice to meet you.

Welcome to Al's Bakery. What can I get you?
Hi?! Let me get a dozen croissants, four blueberry muffins and a loaf of sourdough bread.
Sure. Would you like to have the loaf sliced?
No, that's OK. Do you have any whole wheat bread?
We are out at the moment. May I suggest some rye bread?
Sure that sounds good. Do you have any cakes?
We have various birthday cakes and also ice cream cakes.
I'll just take a cheesecake.
Will that be all?
Yes.
Your total is forty three dollars and twenty cents.
You got it.

Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, we are happy you have all come out for our training workshop. Today we have a great line-up of speakers to talk to you. First on our program is a well-renown expert in the field of international economic development, Harvard's own Dr. James Smith. Dr. Smith has been involved in economic research for over twenty years, and has taught at Harvard since 1995. And now, without further adieu, we'd like to welcome Mr. James Smith.
Thank you, Mr. Jackson, ladies and gentlemen, colleagues, friends. The subject of my talk is international relations in a morgen world. I plan to say a few words about the current situation in the Middle East and how it affects world economy. I'd like to give you an overview of the way that the economies of seemingly unrelated countries are intertwined. I've divided my talk into three parts, first an overview of international relations, second a discussion of current political situations, and lastly trends for the future. My presentation will take about two hours, but there will be a twenty-minute break in the middle. We'll stop for lunch at 12.

You're looking rather pale, why?
I couldn't sleep well recently.
You'd get plenty of sleep for you work so hard.
I always drink too much wine in the evening.
You shan't drink more wine in the evening.
Yes, you are right.
And you'd take some exercise every day.
Many thanks for your advice.

Hello Mrs Parker, how have you been?
Hello Dr Peters. Just fine thank you. Ricky and I are here for his vaccines.
Very well. Let's see, according to his vaccination record, Ricky has received his Polio, Tetanus and Hepatitis B shots. He is 14 months old, so he is due for Hepatitis A, Chickenpox and Measles shots.
What about Rubella and Mumps?
Well, I can only give him these for now, and after a couple of weeks I can administer the rest.
OK, great. Doctor, I think I also may need a Tetanus booster. Last time I got it was maybe fifteen years ago?!
We will check our records and I'll have the nurse administer and the booster as well. Now, please hold Ricky's arm tight, this may sting a little.

I’m interested in teaching at your school.
Great. Are you a qualified teacher?
Yes.
What kind of teaching certificate do you have?
I have a TEFL certificate.
How many years of experience do you have?
I have three years of teaching ESL and four years of teaching per-school children.
When did you get your TEFL certificate?
I got my TEFL certificate three years ago.
Why do you want to teach at our school?
Well, I’Ve heard many good things about it. I also like teaching young children.
That’s great. Can you speak Chinese?
Yes, just a little.
Can you come in for an interview tomorrow at 10:00?
I sure can.
Great. See you then.

Why is the car before us stopping?
What's going on? Look. Two cars are standing right in the middle of the road and the drivers are shouting rude words to each other.
That's why that car stops.
More and more people easily get irritated while driving.
Yes. This is what is called road rage.

This is today’s schedule. At 8 thirty AM, conference with the department managers. At 9 o’clock, live for the workshop where you’ll award prizes to the staff for preventatives.
That’s great. What are the prizes?
3000 RIB as bonus for each person. To encourage the staff increases.
Ok. Next thing is laying the corner-stone for the new plant at 10 AM. At 12 AM, back here for lunch. What about the afternoon? At 2 PM, give a presentation here with the press. At four o’clock sharp, have dinner with Mr. Smith, manager of NCC.

This is Lincoln Bank, Consumer Credit Department. How can I help you?
Ah, hello. I'm calling to find out how I apply for a car loan.
We offer a Personal Automobile Consumer Loan. The application process is pretty straight forward. I trust you have enough funds to cover the 20 % down payment?
Yes, I do. It's ready and waiting in my account.
The next step is for us to recommend a dealer to you, who are already contracted to us, so...
Could I just stop you there? Sorry to interrupt, but I have already been to your appointed dealer and selected the car I want.
That will certainly cut down the processing time. We can move on to the next step. Do you have the purchase price?
Yes, it's 110,000 RIB. So, with the down payment done, I will need to borrow 70,000 RIB.
What we need you to do next is to come into the branch with a correctly filled in application form, ID card, proof of residency, proof of income, the agreement from the agent and of course the 20 % down payment.
Yes, I have everything here.
OK, I'll come in and see you later today. Maybe I could have my new car as early as next week?! How exciting?!

Hi, my name is Tom.
Tom, the new sales representative? Nice to meet you?! I'm Melinda.
Nice to meet you too.Melinda. Now let me show you around. This is our reception area, and our conference room is right over there. Over here is the sales department.
Really? This is a nice office, but it's quite small.
Yeah... You can make photocopies and send faxes over there.
It looks like you guys work hard.
I tell you what just between you and me, we just mess things up so that it looks like we work hard.Just kidding.
Oh, your cubicle is over the. And this way. Those are all private offices the managers offices.
Hmm... Tell me more details about our jobs.
Sure thing.

What do you think of our price? Your price has gone up sharply, hasn't it?
Yes. We regret we cannot maintain our original price. Since the prices of the raw materials have been raised, we have to adjust the price of our products accordingly.
I agree with you there, but your price is unreasonable.
I don't think so. You must compare our price with that of other export houses. I'm sure our offer is in line with the prevailing market price level.
I don't think we'll be able to pay the price.
To have this business concluded, you need to lower your price at least by 3 %.
I’m afraid that there is no room for any reduction in price.
Don't you agree with me that in the long run, moderate prices will bring about large sales and more profit?
We've already cut down our price to cost level.
Is that all?
Yes, this is the best we can do.
I'm sorry we can't handle the price you offered.

So, Jimmy, how does it feel to have your own money?
It’s great, dad. I don’t mind delivering papers, but the real fun is collecting the money.
Even though you are only twelve, it’s not too early to start saving a little money.
I’Ve never had a bank account before. Why don’t I just keep my money under the matters like grandpa does?
You know you would spend it. And also, money in the bank earns interest.
But what if I need my money suddenly?
The bank will give you a PIN, and you can withdraw money from any ATM.
Great?! So it’s almost the same as keeping it under the matters?!
Not quite. You have to maintain a minimum balance of twenty dollars. And sometimes the bank has service charges. But you don’t have to worry about that yet. Let’s go make your first depot OK.
Guess I have to do that before. I can make money my first withdrawal.

Is this where I can catch a bus to the theater?
Yes, but you can't get there with out a change.
Which bus do I have to change?
You have to get off at the hospital and change for bus 15.
I see. Thank you.

Here we are, Joan. This is the Palace museum, also known as the Forbidden city.
Oh, how splendid?! Can you take a picture of me here?
Sure.

Excuse me. I'm afraid I got lost. Where am I on this map?
We are here, bus station, we are in the heart of the city.
Oh?! Can I go from here to the Zhongshan Park?
Head straight up the street about two blocks then turn right.

Tony, could you tell me if there are any special rules about the job?
Working hours are from 8: 30 a. m. to 5:00 p. m. Be sure not to be late or absent. Report to the manager by filling in the' Monthly Report' every month.
Is there anything else? How about my salary?
Our company has a strict and reasonable salary standard. On the 20th day of every month, you can get your salary on time. Benefits depend upon the length of service and the employee's past attendance record.
Wow, thank you for telling me these. Do you mind telling me something else, like attendance record, holiday, and how to ask for leave?
All new members are likely to ask the same questions. Haha.
I can understand that. Every month you have three days off, besides the weekends and some important holidays. After you've been here for a year, you qualify for a one-week vacation. The leave less than a half-day should predict for an hour, and more than a half-day should predict three days.
Okay, that's good. I get it.

Kate, you never believe what's happened.
What do you mean?
Masha and Hero are getting divorced.
You are kidding. What happened?
Well, I don't really know, but I heard that they are having a separation for 2 months, and filed for divorce.
That's really surprising. I always thought they are well matched.
What about the kids? Who get custody?
Masha, it seems quiet and makable, no quarrelling about who get the house and stock and then contesting the divorce with other details worked out.
That's the change from all the back stepping we usually hear about.
Well, I still can't believe it, Masha and Hero, the perfect couple.
When would they divorce be final?
Early in the New Year I guess.

Overseas operator. I would like to make a collect call to Taipei, Taiwan, please.
Your name, please.
Tim Chen.
What's the number, please.
The area code is 2, and the number is 2367-9960.
The line is connected. Please go ahead.

Hello. Excuse me.
Yes. Can I help you? Do you remember me? I just had lunch here a half hour ago.
Of course I remember you.
I think I lost my wallet here.
Oh, no. Really? I didn't see anything.
Really? You didn't find a wallet?
No, I didn't.
Would you like to go look by the table with me?
Yes, I would.
It's not here. And it's not on the floor.Has anyone sat at this table since we left?
No. It's been empty the whole time.
Hmm. I don't know how it could have happened.
I remember, sir, that your friend took the bill.You didn't pay for the lunch yourself, did you?
No. My friend did.
Then are you sure you took your wallet out of your pocket while you were here?
No, I'm not sure. But I usually take out my wallet when I sit down.It' s uncomfortable to sit on it. So I usually put it next to me on the table.
Maybe you lost it before you came here. Or maybe you left it at home.
I don't think it's at home. I think I had it when I left the house.But what should I do?
Well, the first thing you should do is make sure it's not at home.Then, if it isn't, you need to call your credit card companies and cancel your cards. Next, you need to replace whatever you lost, your driver's license, things like that.
Should I call the police?
You can if you want. But the police usually don't do anything about lost wallets.
Hmm. I'll go home and check. Maybe you're right. Maybe it's at home.
I'm sorry we couldn't find it, sir.
Thanks for your help.

Good morning, young lady. You can call me Ma. Do you see anything you like?
Yes. Many things?! I especially love this beautiful quilt.
That quilt was passed down to me from my ma in Holland.
It sounds like a special quilt. Why do you want to sell it?
Well, this home is too big for me now, so I'm moving to an apartment that is much smaller. Therefore, I need to part with a few things.
Oh, I see. Umm, how much do you want for the quilt?
Is fifteen dollars OK?

Have you got change for a thousand?
Let me see.

May I come in, Mr Sun?
I’d rather you didn’t, Miss Yang. I’m very busy now.
Can I try later then?
Yes, of course.
Is it all right for me to come in now, Mr Sun?
Well, uh... I’m still pretty busy, but... all right. Come in.
What can I do for you?
Do you mind if I sit down?
Not at all. Take a seat. Now what can I do for you?
I want to leave the department. Do you think I could put info a transfer?
Yes.
But why should you want to do that?
Do you mind if I speak frankly?
Not at all. Go ahead.
Well. You see, I don’t like the office. I don’t like the staff. And I’m afraid of you. And I don’t want to go one. So may I put info a transfer?
Yes. I’d be delighted if you did.

Where is that? Take me to the airport, please.
Are you in a hurry?
I have to be there before 17 o'clock.
We'll make it except a jam. You know it's rush hour.
There's an extra ten in it for you if you can get me there on time.
I'll do my best.
Here's twenty dollars. Do you have small bills?
No. If you can't break it, keep the change. But can you give me a receipt?
Here is your receipt.
Thank you.

Recently I have been getting headache and my eyes don't seems to see focus properly.
When did you last time have your eyes checked?
Two years ago. At that time I had no problems.Now I can’t even make out something ten meters away.
Come over here. I will test your eyes. First cover your left eye like this, and when I point, please read the chart from the top, and go as far as you can, telling me which way the “ E ” points.
All right. Good.Now the other eye. Well, this one is worse.
Never mind, just read as far as you can.
I can only read the first three lines.

Is there a car park near the supermarket?
Yes, there is an underground car park near the supermarket.
I see. Thanks.

Oh, come on, Ultraman?! What's up, Bro? What's in the bulletin?
It says that there will be a blackout from 5 p. m. to 7 p. m. in our neighborhood today.
Blackout? Even the TV has the limit. Don't you know you will look like a monster in the blackout?
Oops, no, Daddy can't watch American Idol, either?! That's not the point.
Come on, can you imagine that there will be no electricity on such a hot day? Oh, my god?! No air-conditioner?!
OK, since you are the smart one, can you come up with a better plan? So that we won't be baked like cookies here.
How about playing Barbie out there in the neighborhood?
Barbie? You know, I might be seven, but I'm not a girl.
Do you have a better plan?
All right, all right.

Yes, ma'am, how could I help you?
I am wondering if you do facial care?
Yes, we do.
How much would it be?
From 200 to 800.
I'm afraid 800 is too expensive for me. Could you recommend something around 300?
No problem.

Can I help you, Miss?
I would like to order 2 office-style cabinets and desk calendars. We want office-style cabinets in white. The catalogue number is 90-f-2356.
How soon do you want it?
Could you deliver it tomorrow?
No problem. Please handle the items carefully.
Certainly.
We will pay by collect on delivery.

I hate to do this to you, Alice, but I’m going to have to ask you to put in some more overtime.
Does it have to be this afternoon, Mr. Fairbanks? I’Ve already made plans.
Well, I would have preferred to do it today, but if you’Ve already made plans, we can do it tomorrow.
I’d appreciate that, sir. How long do you think you’ll need me to stay?

What’s your attitude when do wrong things at work?
The buck stops here.

Hello?! Is your company advertising for administrative assistant on the newspapers?
Well, Administrative assistant with shorthand and typing skills are badly needed here.
First I want to check about the availability and see if you could give me more information.
The position calls for a person with some working experience. We must be able to benefit from your analytical and interpersonal skills. Can you deliver your resume to us first?
Of course. I will deliver my resume to you in minutes' time. I hope you will consider my application and I shall appreciate a reply at your earliest convenience.
OK. I will call you soon. Bye now.
Bye.

Just as the saying goes, every potter praises his own pot. You should pay special attention to selling yourself properly in the interview. It is especially important for the graduates who step into the job market for the first time. You'd better prepare what you are going to say in advance, in order to have a good performance in the interview. The contents should be mainly descriptions of your background. And the length depends on the particular situation. Only when you are aware of what the interviewer will be interested in, can you make a targeted preparation. To sell yourself successfully, you should leave the interviewer a deep impression. Selling yourself should go straight to the point, and the statement should be clear and brief. It should also be truthful and realistic. Do not blindly blow your own horn. You should particularly state your strong points which are closely related to the position you are applying for. While you should not omit your weak points, they need to be described appropriately Time permitted, you could add certain examples to your description. Besides, in the interview, it is best that you make corresponding adjustments to apply your prepared contents flexibly.

Hello?
Hi, Deborah?! This is John. I'm calling from Australia.
What are you doing in Australia?
I'm attending a conference in Sydney this week. Remember?
Oh, right. What time is it there?
It's 10:00 P. M. And it's four o'clock in Los Angeles, right?
Yes - four o'clock in the morning.
4:00 A. M.? I'm really sorry.
That's OK. I'm awake now.

John hasn't turned up and Stefan is ill. Do we have anyone on stand-by?
I'm afraid not, we're very short-staffed at the moment.
Can you ask the shift supervisor to ask one of his team to do some overtime?
Perhaps Tommy can stand in for an hour or two until we find a replacement.

Jack, let’s go?! Oh, you are out of breath?! What happened?
Some people are wildly shooting on the next street. We must leave here as soon as possible?!
Take it easy. They will get caught.

Hello. May I speak to Jerry, please?
Sorry, but he is out for lunch right now.
I see. Can you give me some idea how long he'll be back?
I think he will be back around 2:00. If you like, please leave your name and phone number, I'll have him call you as soon as he comes back.
That's nice. My name is Steven, my phone number is 6789777.
Okay, I'll be waiting for his call. Thank you and bye?!
My pleasure, bye?!

Excuse me, Miss. What can I do for you?
I've just heard an announcement that my flight has been delayed.
What's your flight number?
Flight CA216 to Chengdu.
Yes, it's true. It has been delayed.
Could you please tell me why?
Yes, of course. The delay is due to heavy rain.
How long will the delay be? Do you have any further information about it?
I am sorry, we don't know the extent of the delay at present. But according to the latest weather forecast, there will be a change in weather soon. We have to wait.
Well, is it possible for the rain to stop before noon?
It's hard to say. Weather is so changeable in the summer. Please listen to the latest announcement about your flight.
Yes, I will. Thanks a lot. Bye?!
Bye

What are we going to do? I can't get the car out of this ditch. I'm stuck?!
I'm worried, Tom. I haven't seen any other cars for almost an hour.
I know. This is terrible. What can we do? This snow doesn't stop falling?!
I told you we should have stayed in town today.The weather report said 100 percent chance of snow.Why did you want to come up here?
I wanted to show you the cabin. We only had another half-hour to go.
Well, now we're stuck. What can we do?
I don't know. I've heard that when this happens, it's important to save energy.
What do you mean? We're stranded here, Tom. We may be here a long time.We need to conserve the gas in the car. The car's energy is what will keep us warm.
I have plenty of gas.
Yes, but the gas and the battery both have to stay working.We can't just let the car run and run.If we do, it will die soon. Then we'll freeze.
So what can we do?
Turn the lights off.Then, run the car and the heater only about fifteen minutes every hour.That will conserve the heat as long as possible.
Alright. That's a good idea. I wish we hadn't come up here. Now we'll probably be here for days.
Days?
Yes, it happens.That is what happens in big snowstorms. People get stranded for days.
Oh, my God?! It's good we have food. Probably we'll survive.But turn the car off for about forty-five minutes. Then we'll turn it on again.

Hey, buddy, can’t you see there’s a line?
Oh, sorry. I didn’t know.
What? You haven’t taken the bus before?
No, I’m afraid not.
Well, you have to wait in line like everyone else. Besides, you should let old people on first.
Sorry.
It’s all right. Where are you going?
I wanted to see the White House.
Oh, well you don’t want this bus, anyway. It goes to Georgetown.
Oh, no. It’s all right, though. Just get off at the next stop and catch the 79A.
Oh, well thank you very much.
You’re welcome.

Can I help you?
I'd like the double cheese burger meal, please.
What kind of drink would you like with that?
Just coke will be fine.
Would you like a super size meal? Only 2 RIB more, you'll get large coke and fries instead of medium. And today we are offering free toys all the meal boxes.
That sounds good, thanks, I'd like that. Actually I'd like sprite instead of coke, thanks.
That's not a problem, Miss. Will that be it?
Yes, that's all. That will be 25RMB, please
You got it.

Do you have any night tours?
Yes, we will depart in 10 minutes.
Is that a guided tour?
Yes, it is.
That's fine. Let's get on the bus.

I am sure we will make it up as soon as possible.
That's nice. We hope this matter will not affect our good relations in our future dealings.
Of course not. We have cooperated for a long time.

I would like to purchase some meat.
What kind of meat would you like to get today?
First off, I'm going to need a pound of ground beef.
A pound of ground beef is $ 2.48.
That's perfect. What else will you be needing?
I'm also going to need three pounds of chicken breasts.
The chicken breasts cost $ 4.05 per pound. What's the total price for the chicken?
It's going to be $ 12.15.
Okay, I think that will be all for me today.

I think you know already that I want to discuss the represent - ton for your alarm clocks.
Yes, Mr. Bergeron. You mentioned that in your letter.
To tell you the truth, your proposal surprised us.
Is that so?
Anyhow I want to go over the details with you in person, so you can give my suggestion thorough consideration.
Our firm specializes in this line of business. We have six sales representatives, who are on the road all the time, covering the whole of the European market.
Do you sell direct to shops?
Yes, we specialize in handling clocks and watches of all sorts. We have well established channels of distribution and we canvass the retailers direct, without any middlemen.
Do you keep a stock of these things?
In some cases, such as the wristwatches, which always have a steady market, we keep a stock in London and act as distributors as well as agents. Generally, however, we pass on the orders of our clients to the manufacturers for supply. We are paid for our service, of course.
That is, your commission.
Yes, our commission is very reasonable. We usually get a 10 % commission of the amount on every deal. Our agents in other areas usually get a 3-5 % commission. The European market is not familiar with your products. You have competitors from Japan and other continental countries. At the beginning of our campaign, there is sales resistance to overcome, we must send out salesmen to do a lot of traveling and spend a considerable amount of money on advertising in news - papers and TV programs. A 10 % commission will not leave us much.
According to your estimate, what is the maximum annual turn - over you can fulfill, in round figures, of course?
We will always do our utmost to enlarge the business, as our remuneration increases with the turnover, but we will not guar - ante anything, at least not to begin with.
We appreciate very much your intention to push the sale of our products. But our suggestion to you, Mr. Bergeron, as a preliminary step, is to do a little research into the market...
Do you mean to say you refuse us the agency?
Mr. Bergeron, you leave us no alternative. We can not give you an exclusive agency of the whole European market without having the slightest idea of your possible annual marketing turnover. Besides our price is worked out according to the costing. A 10 % commission means an increase in our price. We must have the reaction of the buyers in this respect.
Oh, that's just too bad. I intended to make great efforts in selling your products.
Well, we can still carry on our business relationship without the agreement. To start the ball rolling, we will provide you with price lists, catalogues and some samples. Only when you have a thorough knowledge of the marketing possibilities of our products, can we then discuss further details.
Ah, Mrs. Miller, but in this case am I covered?
Oh, yes. We will give you a 5 % commission on every transaction.
All right, but I'll be back again for the Autumn Fair. And then I hope we can see eye to eye about our commission and the terms of the agency.
Very good. We will discuss the matter again at the next Fair.

Excuse me, I’m sorry to trouble you. My name is Susan Ransom, and I have placed several orders with you company.
Yes, Mr. Ransom? This is Karl Miller. How may I help you?
Well, I wonder if you could track an order I placed with you last month. It hasn’t arrived yet.
Certainly, Ms. Ransom. Do you have an order number?

Have you worked out the offers. Mr. Thou?
Yes, we have. Here's our CIF quotation sheet. Please have a careful look.
Are the prices on the list firm offers?
Yes. All the quotations on the list are subject to our final confirmation.
I wonder whether there are any changes in your prices.
All these products are our best-selling lines. The prices of our products will change according to that of the international market demand. And we are always open to negotiate, especially on larger orders.
What do you have in mind?
How long does your offer remain valid?
I need some time to get my supervisors on board with this plan.
I understand. Our offer remains open for 4 days.

Hello sir, may I help you?
Yeah, I accidentally dropped my phone in the toilet.
I see. Well, you have come to the right place. We have over one hundred models of more than twenty leading mobile phone manufacturers.
Sounds good. I don’t want it to be too expensive, maybe something mid-range.
We have this new ETC smart phone.It comes with the Android OS so you can download applications. It also has a built-in camera, mp3 player and touch screen. It works on the 3G network so you have fast access to the internet wherever you are.
What about Wi-fi?
Of course?! You can access the internet from any hotspot as well as from home.
One last thing. Is it waterproof?

We have been over this a hundred times?! We are not getting a pet?!
Why not? Come on?! Just a cute little puppy or a kitty?!
Who is going to look after a dog or a cat?
I will?! I’ll feed it, bathe it and walk it every day?! We can get a Labrador or a German Shepard?!
What if we want to take a vacation? Who will we leave it with? Plus, our apartment is too small for that breed of dog.
Ok. How about we get a cat or a ferret?
We’re planning on having children soon, I don’t think those animals are a good idea with a baby in the house.
Fine?! Let’s get a bird then?! We can keep it in its cage and teach it to talk?! A parrot would be awesome?!
I’ll tell you what, I can get you some hamsters and we’ll take it from there.
Yay?!

Good evening, Mr. Lee and thank you for choosing our airline. We have just discovered that this flight is overbooked. Would you like to volunteer to give up your seat?
Overbooked? Give up my seat? I don’t understand.
From time to time we have a situation in which there are more passengers than there are seats on the aircraft. That’s overbooked.
I know what overbooked is, I just don’t understand how that could happen?
Actually it’s a common practice to overbook, as passengers often don’t take their flight as scheduled. Most of the time there is no problem but today, more passengers arrived than we have seats,
So who has to stay behind?
Well, first we ask for volunteers. If someone like yourself volunteers, they receive a free round trip ticket to be used within one year. If no one volunteers we just have to select someone.
Ok. I’ll volunteer. I could use a free ticket?!

I want to rent this apartment.
I’m glad to hear that. How much are you asking?
You will have to pay $ 1050 every month.
I can’t afford that. What can you afford?
I was thinking $ 800 a month.
I’ll need you to pay more than that. How much more?
How does $ 900 every month sound to you?
I can live with that. We have a deal then.

Good morning, Miss Monica. Nice to meet you again?!
Good morning, Mr. Thomas, it is nice to see you too. After the internal discussion, we have all agreed that you are the most suitable person for this position among all the candidates. So, today let’s talk about your expected salary and social benefits. What is your expected salary?
I’Ve worked in the field for more than 4 years. Depend on my work qualifications and experience, I would like to have 5000 Yuan to start.
The basic salary for your position in our company would be 4800 Yuan to start with increases giving according to your performance.
It is a bit lower than I expected. But I can accept that.
What are the working hours?
40 hours a week, Monday to Friday, 9 AM to 5 PM with one hour lunch break every day..
Do I have to work on weekend? If so, how do you pay for the overtime?
We do expect overtime work when it is necessary, but we pay twice of the work hour for working on weekends and three times for working on national holidays like Spring Festival and the Mid-Autumn Day.
Is there probation?
No probation is involved. If you feel good, you can start next week.

Welcome to the McDonald's. What will it be for you, madam?
One Big Mac and French Fries.
Is there anything else?
Give me one coke, please.
Is this to go or to eat here?
To go, please.
That comes to four dollars and ten cents.
And can I have some ketchup, please?
It's on the service counter over there. Please go to help yourself.

What's the name of this street?
University Street.
Do you know of any banks near here?
You'll see one at the corner on your right.

Hey there, you look a little lost. Are you new here?
Yeah how’d you know?
You can always spot the newbies. I can give you a few pointers if you want. Were you trying to use this machine here?
Yeah?! I just started my training today and I’m not really sure where to begin.
It’s ok, I know how it is. This machine here will work out your upper body, mainly your triceps and biceps. Are you looking to develop strength or muscle tone and definition?
Well, I don’t want to be ripped like you?! I just want a good physique with weights and Carpio.
In that case you want to work with less weight. You can start off by working ten to fifteen reps in four sets. Five kilo weights should be enough. Now it’s very important that you stretch before pumping iron or you might pull a muscle.
Got it?!
Wow is that the weight you are lifting? My goodness that’s a lot of weight?!
It’s not that much. Just watch... I’m ok...

Excuse me.Could you tell me how to return to the Hilton Hotel? I am afraid I lost my way.
Do you have a hotel card or something? Let's see.Yes, I have the address and telephone number here.
Oh, you're staying at the downtown Hilton.Then, you go down two blocks this way and turn left.You' ll find it on the right.
Well, I don't understand it very well.Will you draw me a map?

Excuse me, but could you tell me the way to the railway station?
The railway station? Just go down this street and turn left at the second corner. The station is at the end of that street.
How long will it take me to get there?
It's about a ten-minute walk.
That's very clear. I think I can find my way now. Thank you.
Not at all.

How does the political system work in your country?
We have hundreds of constituencies and the voters in each one elect a member of parliament. Most people call them mp’s.
Each mp belongs to a political party, right?
Almost all of them do. A few are independent. That means that they do not belong to a party.
If one party more than half of the mp’s. they form a government. That means that they choose a prime Finist
What’s a cabinet?
This is a small group of people-perhaps 25 mp’s who are usually ministers. They make all the big decision and discuss laws and policy.
Can any mp make a law?
Any mp can present a law to parliament. The proposed law is debated and voted on. If it is accepted, it becomes law.
I suppose a proposed a law needs the support of the big political parties.
Yes, it does, because they have most of the mp’s. most mp’s vote the way their party wants them to.
How do people choose which party or candidate to vote for?
They produce manifesto. These documents which states their policies. Some people just vote for the same party every time there is an election. Voters who often change the party they vote for are Calle

How was your interview?
Pretty good. The HR manager asked me the usual questions. Then he wondered why I had decided to leave my previous job.
What did you say?
I told him that I hadn’t got a raise for three years. I also told him that one of my best co-workers quitted her job because she had not been promoted for eight years.
Did he want to know the reasons?
Yes. I told him that my boss made some excuses of the recession. But I thought he had a pattern and a record of promoting men only. That’s sex discrimination.
When will you get the reply?
In a couple of days, I was told.
Wish you good luck?!
Thank you.

What qualities do you think a senior executive should possess?
Generally speaking, he needs creativity, the ability to communicate, sense of personal responsibilities, the ability to solve problems and so on.
Do you have all these qualities?
Yes, I have all of them. I am totally competent to be a senior executive.

Hi. I need more amenities, please.
Could you be a little more specific, sir?
Well, to be more specific, the free stuff, like soap, lotion, and shampoo.
I understand. Now, you're saying that you've already used up all your amenities?
Oh, no?! I've got all I need for my stay here.
So, what's the problem?
I need souvenirs?!
You want some souvenirs?!
Yes, yes. Souvenirs.
But, sir, our souvenir shop carries all those items.
That's not the same thing. If you buy hotel souvenirs, they have no sentimental value.
I understand, sir. I'll call housekeeping. You'll have your souvenirs shortly.

Hello, may I help you?
Yes.We' re interested in seeing the rooms for rent.
Oh, how nice.They' re bright rooms and the house is very quiet.
A nice quiet house is exactly what we're looking for.
Well, gentleman.Each room is $ 40 a week if you think that's OK.
That sounds just wonderful to us. When do you want to move in?
How about this afternoon?
Fine. I'll be expecting you around two.

Are you ready to order? May I suggest a veal?
No, I'll have the fish please.
The chicken is also nice.
No, I want the fish.
Our special tonight is lobster.
Thank you, but I prefer the fish.
Perhaps you'd enjoy the lamb.
No, I like the fish.
What ever you say?

Am I ever hungry? When will supper be ready?
It's almost ready. Can you set the table?
All right. Want to taste this dish?
Yeah. Oh, it's delicious?! Really?
Definitely. It's a wonderful meal.
Thank you, Honey. If you like to help me do the dishes, I'll be more dreadful.
I wish I could, but I won't.

Good morning, Kate. Long time no see.
Good morning, Vera, Nice to meet you.
Kate, I know you’Ve been a stewardess for more than one year. And I’ll have an interview on stewardess tomorrow. Can you tell me some etiquette about the interview?
Of course. First you should do up your long hair and do make up but not too thick.
Is there anything else I should pay attention to?
Yes, when you attend the interview, you should pay attention to your manner, style of conversation and expression. You should keep smiling always, being polite when you talk with the interviewer. Don't move from time to time when you sit there. And you also should know how to use eye contact.
Thank you, I've learned so much from you.
That’s all right. Hope you can do better tomorrow.

Can you fix me a cup of tea, Johnny?
Well... uh... how about a glass of juice instead?
No. I'd like tea. Can you put it in my favorite cup? You probably washed it...
Oh, yeah. Well, uh, about your mug... I'll find it...
Where are all the floral pattern plates? And dad's Yankee's mug?

Good morning, sir. May I help you?
Yes, I'd like to settle my bill.
Certainly sir. May I have your room key, please?
Sure. Here you are.
Just a moment, please. I'll draw up your bill for you... Thank you for waiting, sir. Your bill totals two thousand six hundred and fifty-eight yuan, including the phone and laundry.
That much?! Would you mind letting me have a look at it?
Not at all, sir. Here you are.
Thanks. Well, It seems to be right. How much is that in dollars, please?
Just a moment, sir. I'll calculate that for you. It comes to 305 dollars and 52 cents at today's exchange rate.
I see. OK. How would you like to make the payment?
In cash, please.
Here you are.
Thank you, sir... Here is your change. Could you check it, please? Thank you for choosing our hotel. I hope you enjoyed your stay.
By the way, please forward my mail to this address.
Certainly, sir. We hope you have a good trip.

Hi, Sam. I want to buy a pet. Do you have any ideas?
You really should go to Rachel's pet store.
why? anything special there?
it's more than special. You can find as many kinds of animals as you can put a name to and more.
Oh, really? are there any snakes?
snakes? there are even rodents and monkeys?! it's a world of exotic pets.
that's terrific. I can't wait to check it out.
Hang on. are you sure you want to keep a non-traditional pet?
why not? it's so cool.
but it will pose a risk to your health.
pardon?
i mean, most reptiles carry some harmful bacteria. they are likely to cause immune system problems.
well, I didn't realize that. I don't believe it's a good choice to keep those pets, especially for families with young children.
oh, I should have thought of my brother's baby girl. Maybe I'll just have a dog instead of an exotic pet.
yes, good luck, Maria.

I’m a new student. My name’s Robert. Nice to meet you.
My name’s Sophie. Are you French?
Yes, I’m. Are you French, too?
No, I’m not. What nationality are you?
I’m Italian. Are you a teacher?
No, I’m not. What’s your job?
I’m a keyboard operator. What’s your job?
I’m an engineer.

I can’t believe Obama is our President.
I am proud to know that he is our President.
You voted for him, right?
Did you vote for him, because I know that I did.
I did, too. I have nothing but faith in Obama.
Really? I’m sure he will help better America.
We do need some change in this country.
Our country is already changing as it is.
You’re absolutely right. I trust that he will take good care of our country.

Do you have a reservation, sir?
No, I’m afraid we don’t.
I’m sorry the restaurant is full now. You have to wait for about half an hour. Would you like to have a drink at the lounge until there’s a table available.
No, thanks, I’ll come back later. May I reserve a table for two?
Yes, of course. May I have your name, sir?
Bruce
By the way, can we have a table by the window?
we’ll try to arrange it, but I can’t guarantee sir.
That’s fine.
your table's ready, sir? Please step this way.

Do you have coffee shops in China, too?
Yes, of course. There are many tea houses and bars in China, too. People can drink, eat and relax at these places.
You like to go to these places, don’t you?
Yes, sometimes the music there is so beautiful. It is very romantic. I can stay there for hours.
Do you often go there alone?
No, I often go there with my friends.

Hi there?! I am looking for a new car. I have this old Ford Pinto that I would like to trade in.
I see. You are in luck this month because all of our models are on sale?! it is a perfect time to buy a new car since it’s the end of the year.
Perfect?!
I like this one.
That is the Ford Focus. A very light but powerful vehicle. It comes with dual side airbags, power steering and power windows, tinted windows and your choice of either automatic or manual transmission.
Sounds like a good car?! How many miles to the gallon?
It is a very fuel efficient vehicle giving you about 34 miles in the city and 40 on the highway.
That is really convenient. Especially now that fuel prices are so high?!
What’s under the hood?
A very powerful 2.5- liter turbocharged engine, Trust me, this car is fast?!
Now for the most difficult question. What is the price tag for this lovely vehicle?
Very affordable mam. You can take it out of this lot today with 0 % down payment and no interest for the first year?! You can test drive it now and we can sign the papers when we get back.
Great?! Let’s do it?!

I wonder if you could help me, I'm looking for a room.
Well, I have got a vacancy.
What sort of price are you asking?
Eight dolls fifty a week excluding laundry.
Would it be convenient to see the room?
Can you call back later? We're right in the middle of lunch.

Could you give me an expense report? I would like to attach the invoices for my phone bill this season.
Here you are. Do you need glue?
That is very kind of you. I’m just running out of glue.
You’re welcome.

IBA, Jane speaking. How can I help you?
Hello. I'd like to speak to someone regarding my card.
Sorry, I'm not quite sure if I understand. In what way, Sir? Has your card been stolen?
No, no. Nothing at all like that. It's just that I applied for a credit card with you a while ago, my application was accepted, but I'm still waiting for my card.
Oh, I see, Sir. Well, it does take 5 working days to issue and post the card.
Yes, my application was accepted last Friday. Now it's Wednesday, that's more than 5 days.
Sorry, Sir, but it's 5 working days. This does not include weekends, so your card should be with you later this week.
Of course?! How silly of me?! Yes, 5 working days would mean this Friday, at the earliest.
I see. I'm sorry to trouble you.
It's no trouble at all, Sir. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nothing, thanks. I again apologise for the misunderstanding, bye for now.

What can I do for you, sir?
We'd like to order breakfast for tomorrow morning.
Yes, sir. What would you like?
Orange juice, scrambled eggs, bacon, toast and coffee.
OK, and when shall I bring it here?
About seven thirty.By the way, could you also bring me tomorrow's papers?
Of course, sir.

What shall we do when we find a shortage in the shipment?
You should do one of the two things - either to lodge a claim with the shipowner or with the insurance company.
Shall we leave it to the brokers?
Yes. They usually do it. Do they charge for that?
Of course. In Europe, they charge a commission of 1 % of the amount of the claim for their service.
Is it the same in America?
They do the work without charge to the importer. It's part of their service, isn't it?
Exactly. Is it enough to claim with an on board bill of lading?
No, you must also obtain a statement from the shipping agent certifying that the goods were actually loaded on their vessel for shipment.
I see. By the way, how do we prove the ownership of our goods?
You must provide full original set of ocean bills of lading original insurance policy or certificate and the original commercia invoice.
I see. Thank you.
You are welcome.

I'll be on business for a couple of days, could you take care of your sister?
OK, Mum, when will you be back?
I'll be back in ten days.

Passport, please, madam.
Just a minute, please. It's in my bag. Here it is.
Thank you. Please fill out the Baggage Declaration Form.
All right. Shall I enter all my belongings?
No, only the articles listed on the Declaration.

I’m hungry, let’s go grab a bite to eat.
Yeah me too.
Oh?! Can we stop at the shop really fast? I lost my makeup bag at the airport and I want to pick up a few things.
Will you take long?
No?! Five minutes I promise?!
Come on?! We have been here for almost an hour?! I thought you said you were only going to get a few things?! How long does it take you to pick out a lipstick and some nail polish?!
Are you crazy? You have no idea what you are talking about?! Just for my eyes I have to get eye-liner, an eyelash curler, eye shadow, an eyebrow pencil and mascara. Then I need to get foundation, liquid foundation.
Whoa whoa whoa?! Are you nuts? How much is all this going to cost? I’m looking at the price at each one of these little things and it’s outrageous?! This is basically a crayon?!
What about you? You spend as much or more money on your razors, after shave, cologne and gel?! Not to mention how much you spend on clothes and...
Fine?! Get the stupid thirty dollar crayon?!

Can I borrow five bucks?
No?!
Come on?! I'll pay you back on Tuesday.
Last time I lent you money, you never paid me back.
I promise if you lend me five dollars today, I will repay you in full next week.
Ok, but I'm taking your skateboard as collateral.
Fine?! I can't believe you don't trust me.
It's nothing personal, just business.

May I help you, sir?
Yes, please. I'm looking for a cotton polo shirt.
Any particular colour?
Not really. How about this one?
I like the design, but don't particularly care for the colour. Do you have that in other colours, too?
Well, they come in white, pale yellow, aqua, red and green. Will a white one do?
Yes. I prefer white - and may I see a pale yellow one, too?
Why, of course. Let's see... White... Pale yellow. Here you are, sir.

I’m so surprised to meet you in this remote village. Long time no see.
Yeah. How are you these days?

You look terrific and in good shape.
Thank you. How do you keep fit?
I do yoga twice a weeks
Yoga? It sounds interesting.
It was hard at the beginning, but now feel it's really relaxing. It makes me flexible.
Anything else?
Yes, I often go swimming. Are you interested in swimming?
Yes, I like it very much.

Are you going home now?
No, I'm not. What are you going to do? Are you going to work late?
No, I'm not. I'm going to look for an apartment.
An apartment? Why?
I'm going to try to find a place near the office.
Where are you living now?
Out in the suburbs. It's a long trip to work every day.
How are you going to find an apartment?
I'm going to buy a newspaper and check the classified ads.
Apartments in the city are expensive.
I know, but I'm going to enroll in a night school to take a course in business management.

no, no, you helped me with my computer last week. I want to repay the favor.
no, it's definitely my turn to treat you... you paid last time?!
oh, that was just a quick bite to eat---that doesn't count?!
ok, ok, how about we just go Dutch?
It's settled.
Listen, I'm still pretty new around here, would it be alright if you found the restaurant?
ok... sure.

I am waiting for a fax but just now I found there’s something wrong with the fax machine.
What’s wrong with the fax machine? Is it urgent?
Yes, very urgent. And there is no other fax machine around. And the office of our boss is closed, so I can not use his machine either. And his secretary is out. Do you have any suggestion?
Either call this extension number 0085 or ask them to send the fax to you as e-mail, you print it out.

Hey, Jim. It's time to wake up and get out of bed.
Do I have to get up now?
You'd better get up, or you'll be late.
What're you talking about? My alarm even hasn't gone off yet.
Yes, it did. It went off thirty minutes ago. You slept right through it. You're like a dead person while you sleep.
I must have slept right through it.
Rise and shine?! Sleepyhead?!
Just let me sleep five more minutes.
The early bird gets the worm.
I know, I know. But I don't want any worms. Ha?! Ha?!
If you don't make an effort now, later on it'll be a lot tougher for you.

What shall we do tonight?
How about the cinema?
That's a good idea. We haven't seen a film for ages. What would you like to see?
Oh I don't know. Titanic?
Titanic? That old film? but I've seen it before?!

I’Ve been told you might have a vacant room.
Yes. I have a spare room.
How much are you asking?
10.00 dollars a night.
Could I see the room, please?
Sure.Come on in.

Sit down, please. What's wrong with you?
I feel cold, and I'm shivering. I have a terrible headache and a sore throat.
How long have you been like that?
About a day.
Let me have a look at your throat first. Please open your mouth and say " ah ".
Ah... And show me your tongue... Thank you. That'll do. You have slight tonsillitis, and your throat is inflamed. How is your appetite?
Not so good. Now, let me take your temperature. Please put this thermometer under your armpit and let me feel your pulse? Your pulse is weak.
Do I have a temperature, doctor?
Yes, you have a high fever. I'd like to give you a blood test.

Yikes?! What was that noise?
I had to blow my nose.
Did you have to blow right next to the phone? Did you hear that?
Of course I heard that. I thought a plane had crashed into your house.
It wasn't that loud.
I will blow my nose sometime for you, and you'll see.
Okay. I'll take your word for it. I thought you had an elephant in your house.
You're funny.
What did you say? I think I've gone deaf.
I'm going into the bathroom to blow my nose. I'll be right back.

Can I have the check please?
Right away, sir.
Is this amount correct?
Yes, sir, it is.
Thank you, the service was good
Please come again.

Nowadays fewer and fewer people go to the movie theaters to see films. So I am afraid that the film studios are really getting hard time to survive.
What you said is true. But the film producers there are more flexible ways to get more audience. For example, to make more movie Ccds, so people will spend money buying them. But it is true that cinemas are losing the attraction they used to have in the past.
Yes. Take myself for example. I seldom go to cinemas, but it doesn't mean I no longer see films ; instead, I see films at home-watching Ccds.

Okay, well I’m sure you have a number of questions to ask me regarding the position.
Yes, well Miss Childs did give mean overview of the position over the phone, but there were some details I’d like to clarify.
Well feel free to ask me anything, and I’ll try to fill in the details. Could I first ask about the remuneration package?
Yes, of course. That’s quite an important point, isn’t it? As a junior sub editor we offer a starting salary of 150,000 HK dollars per annum. This doesn’t include a generous housing allowance also.
I understand. And are there other bonuses included?
Well, apart from full health insurance we do offer a company staff bonus scheme linked to readership numbers. But we could go through all the details of that at a later date.
Well, Mr. Parsons, I am flexible when it comes to salary. The opportunity to work in Hong Kong for you is the most important thing for me.
Excellent. Well, what other questions do you have Rebecca?

We need to take the accounts system offline to carry out the upgrade. But don't worry, it won't cause too much inconvenience. We're going to do it over the weekend.
How long will the system be down for?
We'll be taking everything offline in about two hours' time. It'll be down for a minimum of twelve hours. If everything goes according to plan, it should be up again by 6 pm on Saturday.
That's fine. We've allowed forty-eight hours to be on the safe side.

Welcome to IBA. Can I help you?
Yes, please. I'm here for an International Settlement. Our company has to effect payment, and it needs to be done today. Here's the advice slip for the payment.
Thanks. I'm sorry to say that you need to get this stamped. There is no stamp on this slip and it is essential before I can process it for you.
I see. So, I need to stamp it. And sign it too?
Yes, that's right. Down here, at the bottom right hand corner to show that you agree to pay the printed amount.
I'll go back to the office and get it sorted and pop back later.
Thanks, bye for now.

That's the warehouse where the large items of office equipment are stored. If I ordered a desk today, how would it be before I got delivery in Scotland?
Well, I think perhaps you'd better speak to our Production Manager, Mr. Yao. You'll meet him when we go over to the factory.

Excuse me. I have just missed the connection plane due to the heavy fog in London. Can I change my ticket now?
Please Show your ticket and passport.
Here you are.
Which flight do you want to change?
The next one to my destination. I have to be there as soon as possible.

Hi, can I speak with the apartment manager, please?
Hello, this is the apartment manager speaking.
I'm calling about the apartment for rent on Main Street.
Would you be interested in seeing the apartment?
I would love to see it.
Are you free today at around 6 p. m.?
Yes, I will be able to make it then.
Well, I'll see you at 6 p. m. Do you know how to get there?
I used to live in that area.
I'll give you an application form when I see you.
That sounds good. Do I need to bring anything?
No. Just bring yourself.

Good afternoon. Welcome to China. May I see your passport, customs and health declaration form?
Yes, here you are.
Thank you. W hat's your occupation, Mr. Smith?
I'm the general manager of the Far-East Industry Corporation. You are here on business, aren't you?
Yes, I have been invited by the East Import
I see. Do you have anything to declare?
Yes, I have some foreign currency to declare.
Would you please fill out this currency declaration form? It's a record of the foreign currency you have brought in.
All right.

How much does it cost for a bus pass?
It'll be $ 65 for a monthly pass.
Is there anything cheaper than that?
If you're in school, you can get a student pass.
Well, I am how much will that cost?
The pass is free.
I don't have to pay for anything?
You'll only have to pay for the monthly sticker.
How much is the monthly sticker?
It's $ 24 for each month.
I'll take the student bus pass.
Okay, I'll get you one.

I see there are some workmen on the site. When is the building work due to start?
Well, it'll take three weeks to demolish the old building and clear away the debris. We should be ready to start the construction work in week 23.
How long will the sub contractors be on site?
About ten weeks in total if everything goes according to plan.
I'm sure it will.
So, we should be able to start moving the machinery in during week 34.
I'll confirm that date with our suppliers.

Andrew's Hair Salon, this is Andrew.
Andrew, this is Linda Chen.
Hi Linda, what can I do for you?
I need to set up an appointment to get my hair fixed.
For what day?
Tuesday morning.

Have you bought a bus pass yet?
I'm not getting one.
Why is that?
It's cheaper if I don't buy one.
Buying a bus pass will save you money. How do you figure that?
There's no limit to how often you can use your bus pass.
Really? Plus, you don't have to use change for the bus anymore.
I like that.
You want to buy one now?
I'm going to.

Are you ready to order, sir?
Yes, I would like a roast duck and my friend wants steaks.
How do you like your steaks?
I'd like it medium-well.
OK, sir, wait a minute.

Hello, I want to know how much it costs to have a manicure and pedicure.
Usually it's 60 dollars for a manicure, and 80 dollars for a pedicure. But with this special discount, the total for both is only one hundred and 20 dollars, and you can get them painted.
That's nice. I'd like to give it a try. I think I like passion red. please.
Alright.Do you want your cuticles cut, too?
No. Would you like the shapes square or round?
Square. But with round at the edges, please.
All right, it's done. Please follow me to the drying section. How long will it take to get them dry?
Ten or about five minutes. You'll be all set.
I see, thank you.

Hello, this is Lucy. May I speak to Mr. Smith?
Oh, hello, Lucy. What's up?
I'm afraid I can't come to work today, Mr. Smith.
Oh, what's wrong with you?
I've got a fever and a very sore throat.
Well, you sound ill over the phone.
Yes. I have to stay in bed today, but I'll be able to come tomorrow.
That's all right. Have a good rest until you feel well enough.
Thank you, Mr. Smith. Goodbye.
Goodbye, Lucy.

Waiter, we have been waiting for 20 minutes. Would you mind hurrying?
I am sorry, sir, the fish you ordered will take a longer time because we make it with fresh fish.
That's fine. Would you please bring me some wine?
Sure, is dry white wine OK?
Yes.
Thank you.

Hi Bob, I won't be in work tomorrow.
Why, what's the problem?
I have a dentist appointment.
Okay.

I've come about your wools. According to our market survey, wools are likely to find a ready market in our country.
Wonderful?! We can meet your requirements and the offer is ready for you. Here it is. The unit price is USD 15.00 per kilogram.
Do you quote CIF or FOB?
It's FOB Shanghai. Could you quote the price of CIF Hamburg?
Certainly, that's easy. We will work out our CIF offer this evening.

Could you come again tomorrow, say, at 10 AM?
Okay, see you tomorrow?!

Hi?! Do you want a fill-up?
Yes, please. Which type of gas do you want? Regular, Super, or Premium Unleaded?
What's the price difference?
Regular is $ 1.15, Super is $ 1.25 and Premium is $ 1.39.
Just fill it up with Regular, Unleaded, please. Do you want me to check the tires and the fluids?
Yes, I would. Thanks a lot.

Is your father in the habit of having naps?
Yes, all of us have naps.
Don't you feel dizzy when you have to get up?
No, not at all.

Excuse me. I need some storybooks in easy English. Do you have anything likethat?
Well, there are a lot of storybooks upstairs in our children's section. Some are written for young children, others for teens. Maybe some of them will suit your needs.
I'll go take a look. Thanks for your help.
You're welcome.

Good morning. I need to speak with the property manager, please.
Good morning. You are speaking to the property manager.
While it was raining last night, water started leaking in from the ceiling.
Was it leaking in the bedroom?
It was in the living room.
Can you tell me which floor you are on?
We are on the bottom floor.
I would like to look at the leak. Will you be home this morning?
Yes, someone will be here to let you in.
Just in case you have to leave, we will just use the master key.

How much is your last salary?
I have earned 10,000 a year including bonuses.
How much do you want us to pay you?
I like to be paid more than that. Hopefully, 150,000 a year.
To be honest, I left the company to get more income.

I hope you can help. I've got a bit of a problem with your ATM.
Of course, that's my job. Oh, dear. What's happened?
Well, it's eaten my card?! It won't give it back?!
I see... calm down, don't worry. May I ask what were you doing when it took your card?
Yes. I was only entering my PIN. I'm terrible at remembering it, I'm so forgetful, you see.
Mmmm... and exactly how many times did you enter it, please?
Maybe three times. As I said, I always forget it.
Ah?! Don't worry ; it's just a security measure. If someone uses a card and cannot get the right PIN after three attempts, the bank keeps the card in case it's stolen. Just contact the bank and we'll get it back to you.
Oh, I see. So if I call my branch they can sort everything out for me?
Yes, they'll be happy to help. Believe me, it happens to many people.
I'd better try harder to memorise my PIN in future. Thanks.

Is this the counter to pick up parcels?
Yes, it is. I want to pick up my parcels.
Please show me your parcel order.
OK. Here you are.
Let me check your parcel number. Song Ping's parcel number should be CP 06230221 5 CN.
Here is your parcel.
Thank you.
Not at all.

Hi Brittany. What are you doing with all of your clothes on your bed?
I'm trying to decide what to wear to school the first day.
Oh, A. Mom didn't tell you?
Didn't tell me what?
What? This Bs' school you're going to is going to make your life easy.
What are you talking about brother? Spill it.
Uniforms, sis, no more worrying about appearances?!
You mean I have to wear the same thing every day?
MOM?!

What would you like for your main dish?
Steak, please.
How would you like it?
Medium rare, please.
Anything else, sir? May I have a glass of red wine, please?
Of course.

Mr. Smith, do you like the hotel we booked?
Yes, we do. We like it very much.
I've come to make sure that your stay in Beijing is a pleasant one.
Thank you so much.

David, we have been doing business for three years, haven't we?
Yes, I'm glad we've had very pleasant cooperation in the previous years.
And your achievement for promoting our clothes was great in the three years. So, I wish to apply for the sole agency of your product in our local market. If you give us the agency, that will be more substantial for our cooperation.
To be frank, you are not the only one who applies for an agent for us in your country. I'd like to know some ideas of terms on which you would be willing to operate as our agent.
As we are a well-established company, we are very familiar with the customers' needs. Besides, we can make full use of our good connections with the wholesalers and retailers here and develop a good market for your products if appointed as your agent.
Sounds reasonable. I will tell my boss about you agent application. Another question, what do you think is the minimum annual sales you can guarantee?
To be on the safe side, and for garment of all materials, sizes, and styles, I think the amount will be 50,000 pieces a year.
Well. As our sole agency, you will neither handle the same or similar products of other origins nor re-export our goods to any other area outside your own.
No, certainly not.

Excuse me. I bought this circulator here yesterday but it doesn't work.
Oh, let's see what's wrong.

Where can I find the produce?
Aisle A is where you'll find all the produce.
What sales do they have today?
I'm sure something is on sale. Please check with the produce person.

Hello, this is Steven from Blue Sky Co. May I speak to Mr. James?
Speaking.
Excuse my troubling you. You purchased our products last year and now I am following up to find out about their workings. Are they still in good condition now?
Yeah, exactly?! I bought them last year. En... at present, they are still in good state.
That's it?! All of them have first-class quality and performance. Besides, we adopt advanced technology. Now we have developed new products. They are much better than what you have bought.
Your company is developing so fast. Maybe later on I will plan to buy more.
That's great?! Thanks for your support. If any, please remember to call us.
I am afraid I have to say goodbye now?!
Bye, Mr. James?!
Bye?!

Ms.Dawson, I need you to take a dictation for me.
Yes, sir... This should go out as an intra-office memorandum to all employees by this afternoon.Are you ready?
Yes, sir.Go ahead.
Attention all staff... Effective immediately, all office communications are restricted to email correspondence and official memos.The use of Instant Message programs by employees during working hours is strictly prohibited.
Sir, does this apply to intra-office communications only? Or will it also restrict external communications?
It should apply to all communications, not only in this office between employees, but also any outside communications.
But sir, many employees use Instant Messaging to communicate with their clients.
They will just have to change their communication methods. I don't want any - one using Instant Messaging in this office.It wastes too much time?! Now, please continue with the memo.Where were we?
This applies to internal and external communications.
Yes.Any employee who persists in using Instant Messaging will first receive a warning and be placed on probation.At second offense, the employee will face termination.Any questions regarding this new policy may be directed to department heads. Is that all?
Yes.Please get this memo typed up and distributed to all employees before 4 pm.

Do you have everything?
Let's see... my ID card, my passport, and my suitcase. I'm pretty sure I've got everything.

This is Dunlin. Is this Mrs Smith speaking?
Yes, what can I do for you?
I just want to call and say thank you for letting me interview yesterday.
You are welcome, Mr. Sun.
And I also want to know what the status is of the position.
Sorry, we haven't made the decision at all. But we should be making the decision by the end of this week. And we'll get in touch with you once we make it.
Do you have any questions we didn't cover in the interview?
No. Thank you, I am looking forward to hearing from you. Bye-bye.
Thank you for the calling. Bye-bye.

I often sneeze after having a bad itch inside my nose. Sometimes this is accompanied by an itching throat.
Any other discomfort?
Yes. Sometimes I can notice a constriction in the chest and shortness of breath after a fit of sneezing. And I often suffer from a running nose with a profuse watery discharge.
Does it occur seasonally or all year round?
It has been seasonal during these past three years.
Are you sensitive to other things?
Yes, things like seafood and penicillin-type drugs.
OK. Let me examine your nose. According to your case history and the examination, I believe that it's allergic rhinitis.
What useful treatment can you offer?
I'll give you a series of specific skin tests. Then we'll know exactly what substances you're allergic to. Then I'll give you some causes of desensitization therapy.

Miss, would you like to try this free sample of our new suntan cream?
Sure, why not?
This is a new product of company this year. It's oil-free.
I see. It feels very light on the skin.
It gives your skin a very natural healthy look. I like the cool smell, too.

So how can I make it?
First you make a list of what you wanna buy...
But I’Ve gotta have the budge before anything else.
Well, that’s a problem, isn’t it?

Did you have a part-time job when you were still in school?
No, I was way too busy studying all the time. How about you?
Yeah, I worked about twenty hours a week in a pizza restaurant.
What was that like?
It was always very busy there. What did you do?
I stood behind the register and took pizza orders.
Did you get any perks on the job?
Yeah, I got to eat as much pizza as I could for free.

Okay. I'd like to change some euro into US dollars, please.
Sure. How much would you like to change?
Six hundred euro.
Very good. May I see your passport?
Here you are.
How would you like your bills?
In fifties please.

Why are you reading the classifieds? What do you need?
I'm looking for a bookcase, but I don't want to buy a new one.
Are you having any luck?
Not really. There aren't any used bookcases listed. But there are a few rummage sales on Saturday. I think I'll go to them.
Do you mind if I go with you?
Not at all. These private sales are great places to bargain. And sometimes you can find terrific things among all the junk.
I learned to negotiate from my mother. I thought I was pretty good at bargaining, but I had a problem the other day at Kimble's Department Store.
What happened?
I wanted to buy a beautiful wool sweater for my girlfriend. It was priced at forty dollars, so I started by offering the salesclerk thirty.

Do you do a lot of your shopping online?
Not really. I like looking on the internet at what’s available, but I usually prefer to actually see and touch what I’m buying before I pay for it. Sometimes, I’ll look at something in a shop, but lat No. I’m a little worried about security. You never know who’s trying to find out your codes and passwords. Aren’t you worry about that?
Not really. I know that it happens, but if you buy from reputable companies with secure websites, you should be ok.
Even though I use online shopping facilities, I don’t think it’s the best way to sho
I’m surprised to hear you say that. I thought you loved anything technological.
I do. I’m a big fan of using new technology, but I don’t want to sit in front of a computer screen all day. I think people need to get out and interact with other people. So, how about coming to the department store with me? I want to see if there are any new summer clothes on sale yet.
Sure. I’d love to join you. Can we stop by the computer store? I just want to see if they have something.
Sure. While you’re in the computer store. I will visit the book store opposite. I like to browse through their books and see if they have anything interesting.
Ok. I’Ve finished online. Let’s go.
I’ll just get some money and my credit card.
Thanks for reminding me. I had forgotten to get mine.

Please help yourself at your dishes. I hope you’ll enjoy what you’Ve got.
It suits my taste. You are really a good cook.
Would you like to try my special recipe?
Wow, let me try. It tastes nice.
How did you make it?
It’s as easy as pie. I always follow recipes.

Mr. Dick. Does the recommendation of the university play an important role?
Yes. In fact, the recommendation letter written by the university is an indirect self-recommendation. In the long period of cooperation, the university has established good relationship with the companies or organizations, they trust each other well. If your university recommends you, you can be approved more easily.
But I find that most of the recommendation letters written by universities are the same. So I doubt its authority.
More and more persons have the same discoveries since most universities do that in order to save energy. If your university also does like this, you can look for other methods, because such kinds of recommendations say nothing for you. Could you tell me whether or not I send out my resume with it?
It depends. If it has something special or useful, I suggest you send it out.

Taylor, can you tell me how to apply for a job on the Internet?
Just fill out an application. Do I have to send an E-mail?
You are expected to know the E-mail address of the unit.
But I still don't know which unit is in need of staff. Send out an application through Job-wanted on the website.
Can any unit see my information?
It's a two-way choice. And your application will be read.
Which websites offer this service?
Sina, 21st Century Talent Net, and a few others.
Thank you.

Don’t throw your weight around. I can’t bear you any more.
I dare you to say that again.

Were you a leader when you were in college?
Yes. I was Propaganda department minister of our university.
Did you get any honors or awards at your university?
No. It’s a pity about it.
Were you involved in any club activities at your university?
Yes. I was a member of the basketball Society. I like playing basketball.
What extracurricular activities did you usually take part in at your college?
I sometimes played basketball and sometimes played football.

You want to argue your ticket today?
Yes. That is why I'm here.
Tell me your argument.
I was pulled over for allegedly speeding.
Are you sure you weren't speeding?
To be honest, I really wasn't.
What speed were you going?
I was under the speed limit. I was going 35, when the speed limit was 40.
I'm just going to let you go, since the arresting officer isn't here.
What about my ticket? Do I still need to pay?
Don't worry about it.
I'm so glad for your help.

Annie, do you like shopping online?
Yes, I like it, because it's convenient. Last week, I tried to buy a new cellphone online, but I didn't know how to pay for it.
First, you should open an account at the online bank. After that, you can buy anything you want online.
Are there many things online?
Sure. You can find everything all over the world. Let's check it out online?!
( They log in a shopping website. ) That's amazing. Oh, an on line virtual supermarket? Let's click to check it out. Oh, I got it. It simulates the real supermarket, which makes it feel so real.
Mom will love it. She loves shopping in supermarkets.

Ah, Bob. Just the person I wanted to see.
So what is it?
You gotta help me out this time, buddy.
Another tough thing, I guess.

Hey?! What happened??! My song was only half way through and it skipped to the next song.
I don't know what happened?! You cancelled the song, didn't you, Jack?
No, I didn't.
Really?! Then, is the machine broken or...

Good evening, Do you have a reservation?
Yes. The reservation under Mr. Watson.
Ah, yes, a table for four at 8 Em, no, thanks. I think we'll go straight to the table, By the way. may I check my overcoat here?
Certainly, sir. We'll keep it in the cloakroom for you. Here is your number. When you leave, show it to the waiter behind the counter, please.
Thank you. Could you show us to our table now? Would you please follow me, please?
Thank you. This is your table. It's Number 10.

Hello, ma’am. Can I help you? I’m looking for a sweater.
What size are you looking for?
Well, I’m looking for size 10 but you don’t have it.
How about this one? I think it looks terrific on you.
Yes, I like the color. Can I try it on?
Sure. The fitting room is on your right.
It fits well. I like it a lot. What do you think?
You look pretty in red.
Oh, it’s my favorite. How much is it?
$ 29.99.
Okay. I’ll take it. Thank you very much for your help.
You’re welcome.

Do you have any cars available?
We have only one mid-size car left.
Great, what's the rate per day?
It's 40 $ plus tax per day on limited mileage.
I'm going to need it for three days. Can I see your driver's license?
Sure, here is my driver's license.
Please sign here.

Are you ready to order? I think that we have a pretty good idea of what we would like to order.
Let me tell you about the specials of the day, which are chicken in a wine sauce with capers, and grilled garlic shrimp.
I was wondering if the chef could leave off the sauce.
The chef would be happy to accommodate your special requests.
I am a vegetarian. Do you have any vegetarian selections?
You could choose the roasted vegetable and garlic pizza or the goat cheese and candied walnut salad.
I think that we will split the roasted vegetable and garlic pizza.
That is a good selection, and I can bring your salads now or serve them with your entree.
You can bring us our salads when you bring us our entree.

I can't open this email attachment our Paris office has sent me. Are you sure you're using the right program?
Well, yes it's definitely the same program but I might have the wrong version. Their system is newer than ours.
That's why you can't open it. You'll have to upgrade before you can read the file.

What kind of character do you think you have?
Generally speaking, l am an open-minded person.
What is your strongest trait?
Cheerfulness and friendliness.
How would your friends or colleagues describe you?
They say Mr. Sun is a friendly, sensitive, caring and determined person.
What personality do you admire?
I admire a person who is honest, flexible and easy-going.
How do you get along with others?
I get on well with others.

Hi, I need to make an appointment to see the doctor.
What seems to be the problem?
I have a rash that I need a doctor to look at.
Do you have a fever with that rash?
No, it just itches a lot.
I have openings on Tuesday or Wednesday. Which would be best for you?
I need an appointment on Tuesday.
Fine, I am putting you down for 9
I would like to see Dr. Jones.
I can schedule you with him with no problem.
We look forward to seeing you.

Wow?! What's the hold up?
It’s probably just people trying to get an early start out of the city for the weekend. Nobody sticks around in the summer.
Really? Then, I guess I won’t have a hard time finding a room or getting a cab?
Actually, you might because there’s a big convention in town this weekend.
I’m not too worried about it. I always seem to find something.

Hello, how can I help you today?
I'd like to withdraw some money from my account.
Please fill out this slip stating how much you wish to withdraw.
Well, actually, it's quite a substantial amount. Here's my Bank Book. Will that cause a problem?
On your account there is no limit to over the counter withdrawals, it won't cause a problem.
Here's your money, 10,000 RIB. Please count it before you leave.
Yes, that seems to be all in order. Thanks very much.

Quality is very important to us. We work to very low tolerance levels. We need to have guaranteed supplies of consistently high quality raw materials. Over the years we've built up very good relationships with our suppliers.
Do you have many different suppliers?
Yes. There are about fifty names on our approved supplier list, but for raw materials we tend to deal with three local companies.

Mary, can you tell me how you keep in shape?
You'll never be in shape until you eat less and take more exercise. Now, tell me what you often eat.
I often eat fish and eggs. Do you eat a lot of vegetables?
Oh yes, and fruits. I love fruits very much.
What do you like to drink?
Well, I never drink alcohol, coffee or tea. Whatever would you like to drink?
I drink a lot of milk. I drink milk almost every day. How often do you exercise?
Well, I walk every day. It's a good diet and a regular exercise.
Yes, quite right.

I am sorry, but I cannot stay for the rest of class today.
Why do you need to leave early?
I don’t feel so good. What doesn’t feel right?
I feel as if I am going to be sick to my stomach.
Perhaps you should get checked out at the Student Health Center before you go home.
I have some medicine at home that I could take.
Are you going to be OK to drive home, or would you like someone to go with you?
Thank you, but my friend is in the library, and he can give me a ride home.
We hope that you are feeling better soon. E-mail me if you have any questions.

Your boyfriend is so considerate to you. When do you plan to marry?
It’s still up in the air. There is something wrong between us.

We're considering of ordering 200 computers, but I'm wondering about the price you'll possibly offer.
Our price will be not less than $ 5000.
Your price is higher than I expected. Could you give us a little discount?
This is already our best price. But the price is always negotiable and you should consider our quantity of order.
Well, what would you suggest? Could you make it $ 4500?
I'm afraid that there is no room to negotiate the price. This is the best price we can quote.
Can we meet each other half way?
What do you mean? Let's close the deal at $ 4800, OK?
You drive a hard bargain?! OK, that's a deal.

I'm now on the Songshan airport getting ready for departure. I realized that I might have left my watch.
Yes, Ma'am. May I have your name and room number?
My name is Terry. I stayed last night in your hotel in room 132. What kind of watch is it?
It's a brand-new Seiko wrist watch.
Yes, we have it.
Oh, I'm glad to hear that. Would you kindly send it to the Hilton Hotel?

What are your thoughts on the apartment?
I think that it’s absolutely gorgeous.
There aren’t any problems with the apartment?
I think that the apartment looks very nice, but I do see some problems.
What problems?
I did notice a few stains in the carpet.
We will have the carpet cleaned before you move in.
You will?
Yes, but other than that, are there any more problems?
That was the only thing that I saw that was wrong with the apartment.
I’m happy that you find this apartment so appealing.
It is. I love it.

That China-gown of Tang-Dynasty style is so beautiful. Would you show it to me, please?
Absolutely. Here it is.
Could I try it on?
Please do, the fitting-room is over there.
It feels a little tight around the waist. Do you have a bigger one?
I'm sorry. We don't have this color in your size. We have some green ones in your size. Would you please have a look at this green one?
OK. How much does it cost?
It's 486 yuan.
Mmm, it is reasonable.

Mrs. Wang, would you give us an idea of the price you regard as workable?
As I said before, your price is so high that we find it difficult to make a bid. We hope you will take the initiative and bridge the gap.
Just to comply, we're ready to reduce the price by 5 percent. I hope this concession of ours will get the ball rolling.
So do we. Certainly it's a step forward on your side. But the gap is still too wide.
The ball is in your court, Mrs.Wang. What price would you suggest?
To make your offer workable, I think you should take another step down as big as the one you've just taken.
That won't do. You see, our profit margin is very narrow. It simply can't stand such a big cut.
I hate to disappoint you, Mr. Brown, but if that's the case, we have no alternative but to cover our requirements elsewhere.
Do think it over, please. We sincerely hope our discussion will come to a successful conclusion.
Well, I'm not authorized to agree to such a big reduction. Would you mind waiting a day or two, until I get a reply from the home office?
Not at all. Shall we meet again, say, on Friday morning?
Good. Friday morning at 9.

Good morning. Good morning.This is Mary.Can I speak to Anne please?
I’m sorry She isn’t in at the moment. She will come back at half past nineCan I take a message for her?
Thank you.But I will call her later
OK.Goodbye.
Goodbye.

Hi, Jane. How are you doing this morning?
I’m all right, thanks. Just a little tired.
Late night?
Yeah, I got home around two.

We've been waiting here for nearly ten minutes now, and there still isn't a bus in sight. I'm afraid we'll be late for the party. Have you got the time, Tom?
Yes, my watch says a quarter to seven. but there is something wrong with my watch?!
But you bought it only last month.
Yes, but ever since I bought it, it gains about five minutes a day, so I' Ve got to have it repaired.
How long will it take us to get there?
I think about ten minutes by bus.
It's not far away, then. Let's walk, it's beginning to rain.
Wait?! I think I see a bus coming now.
Let's hope it's the No. 22 bus.

Hi, Mr. Smith. I'm Doctor Hawkins. Why are you here today?
I found it would be a good idea to get a check-up.
Yes, well, you haven't had one for 5 years. You should have one every year.
I know. I figure as long as there is nothing wrong, why go see the doctor?
Well, the best way to avoid serious illnesses is to find out about them early. So try to come at least once a year for your own good.
Ok. Let me see here. Your eyes and ears look fine. Take a deep breath, please. Do you smoke, Mr. Smith?
Yes.
Smoking is the leading cause of lung cancer and heart disease, you know. You really should quit.
I've tried hundreds of times, but I just can't seem to kick the habit.
Well, we have classes and some medications that might help. I'll give you more information before you leave.
Ok, thanks doctor.

Good afternoon. Mr. Tylor's office?
I'm afraid you've got the wrong extension.
I'm sorry, but could you please transfer this call to Mr. Tylor's office?
Sure, please hold on.
Thank you. Now Mr. Tylor's on the line. Go ahead, please.
You are so kind, you helped me a lot.
You are welcome. Bye?!

Good afternoon, Lexington Software. Angelina Dawson, how can I help?
Hello, this is Quinn from IBA.
Ah, hello Quinn. Oh dear, you are calling to tell me there is a problem, aren't you?
I'm afraid so, yes.
Hmm... well, it was my first attempt?! Is it a very big mistake, or can we just alter it?
Unfortunately it's rather a big mistake.
What do you recommend we do?
I would recommend we scrap this one and you bring in another set as soon as possible.
I trust your judgement. Thank you, Quinn. I'll be back tomorrow with a new set. Bye for now.

Oh?!?!?! I have a horrible toothache.
You should go to the dentist.
I hate dentists.
Well, suffer then. If you have a toothache, you have to go to the dentist. It always hurts.
I hate going.
Stop being such a baby. If it really hurts that much, just let them knock you out.
O. K., O. K., I’ll go.
Good. You'll feel better after you do.

Hi, I would like to purchase a one way ticket to Brussels, please.
Certainly sir, this is our train schedule. We have an express train departing every morning and an overnight train that departs at nine pm.
How long does it take to get there?
About twelve hours. We currently have tickets available only for first class on the express train. If you’d like, you can choose a sleeper on the overnight train which is a bit less expensive.
Yeah, I think that is the best option. Do you serve food on the train? Twelve hours is such a long time?!
Yes, of course. There is a dining car towards the front of the train where they serve meals at all times. We do provide complimentary water and coffee for all of our passengers.
Great?! I’ll take it. Here you are sir. Your train leaves from platform number nine at nine on the dot. Remember to be here at least thirty minutes before your scheduled departure time or else you might miss your train?!
I understand. Thank you very much?! Have a great trip.

I would like to take a trip to the beach this weekend.
A trip to the beach would be fun. How is the weather going to be?
The forecast says that it will be warm on the weekend.
So do you think it'll be perfect weather for the beach?
It sounds like it will be. I really hope it doesn't get cold. That would ruin things, I want to go so badly.
The weather in California is unpredictable, so you never know.
That is true. The weather is constantly changing. It would be nice if the weather would never change.
That would be great, then we could plan things sooner. True.
Predictable weather would make life easier.

Some companies use to ban dating among employees, but now they have realized it is something in avertable. People spend so much time at work. It is not surprising for one to have a crash on the other. If we think positively, office love can be beneficial to company.
Beneficial? I don’t think so. If two employees get married, they will leave at the same time for a honeymoon, or later one of them will stay at home taking care of babies. If they break up, the company will probably have to relocate one of them to make the workplace more comfortable. By any means, the company must spare extra efforts to solve problems brought by an office dating.
But if two employees are in love, they will be happy. Happy people are more productive. If they develop an intimate relation with each other, they are willing to share knowledge and experience. It can help to improve work efficiency.
I doubt that.

Do you eat a lot of healthy food?
Compared with healthy food, unhealthy food just tastes so much better. And anyway, I believe if you live a low stress Life and are active, you can get away with eating whatever you like. It's all in the mind.
You have the point. I think cancer is caused by more worry than by the things we consume. Some good things you should try are cranberry juice, wild rice and yoghurt.
What's special about these things?
Cranberry juice is very good for destroying harmful bacteria in your guts because it's very acidic. Wild rice is high in fibre so it's good for your guts and it's high in protein and minerals-I think it's also tastier than normal rice. Yoghurt's good because it's also rich in protein, vitamins and is also acidic. People have been making yoghurt for thousands of years and if you have it every day, your guts will be much more settled.
Thanks. I'm going to follow your advice and pop down to the supermarket right now.

I've been so tired recently. I've been trying, but I don't think I'm up to this job.
You need to take a break, maybe a vacation. Oh, yes, indeed. I've run out of steam.
To be honest, I want to be in a different environment.
Is that so?
Yes, I don't want to be stuck in a rut. I want to move on.
Have you decided?
Yes. I want to get a better job.
Could you tell me why you want to quit?
I quit just because of the dissatisfying salary and the trouble in getting along with my colleagues.
Oh, that's terrible. Do you want to get a higher salary in our company?
I'm afraid not. I've promised my girlfriend. We'll travel southwards to find a job that offers higher pay.
OK, I'd like to say that I've really enjoyed working with you. However, I think you should work harder for your new job and then you can ask for higher pay.
Thank you so much for your advice. And every best wish for your new job.
Thank you.

The train is leaving. Hurry up?! Which car are we in?
Let me see. Oh, No. 11. Here we are, Car 11. Let's get in.
Seats No. 20 and 21. It’s nice that we’Ve got a window seat.
Let's put our suitcases on the rack.
Oh, the baggage rack is full. Put them under the seat for the time being.
All right.

So, how should we get to the theatre? Let's take the bus.
I hate the bus system in London?! The bus drivers are rude, the buses are never on time, and there are few people around who can help you.
It's not that bad. You probably just had a bad experience once.
It wasn't just once. Every single time I take the bus, something bad happens to me or to someone else on the bus.
We could take the subway, but we'd have to go three stops along one line and then change trains twice. Train fares are twice as expensive as the bus fare, too.
If we don't hurry up, we'll miss the show. Should we take the bus?
We're already late, so I think we had better take a taxi.
I don't think we'll be able to find a taxi very easily during hush hours. Let's just take the bus.
Fine. Have a look at the timetable to find out when the next one arrives.
It looks like it should be here in just a few minutes. don't worry. Nothing bad will happen. I'll even buy your ticket for you.
Thanks, that was nice of you.
See, now something good has happened to you on a bus trip?!

Let's go over this plan again. From Vancouver, we bike along the border all the way to Winnipeg. And that is mostly flat, right?
Relatively, once we're out of Alberta, anyway. Then it's hills again in Aitoba.
And from Winnipeg we go around the lakes through Toronto, right?
That's right. And up in to Quebec. And that's where we stop.
It doesn't sound like that much when we go over the plan but that's a long, long ride. Are you ready for the cross country of a lifetime?

Good morning, sir. What can I do for you?
I'm Bill. I'm in Room 908. Can you change the room for me? It's too noisy. My wife was woken up several times by the noise the baggage elevator made. She said it was too much for her.
I'm awfully sorry, sir. I do apologize. Room 908 is at the end of the corridor. It's possible that the noise is heard early in the morning when all is quiet.
Anyhow, I'd like to change our room.
No problem, sir. We'll manage it, but we don't have any spare room today. Could you wait till tomorrow? The American People-to-people Education Delegation will be leaving tomorrow morning. There'll be some rooms for you to choose from.
All right. I hope we'll be able to enjoy our stay in a quiet suite tomorrow evening and have a sound sleep.
Be sure. I'll make a note of that. Everything will be taken care of. And if there is anything more you need, please let us know.

It's time for bed.
I'm not ready to go to sleep. I'm not tired.
It's quite late, and you have an early day tomorrow.
I'm not going to be able to fall asleep.
Why don't you try counting sheep?
I've tried that before. It really doesn't work.
That's beside the point, you still need to go to bed.
Why can't I just stay up until I fall asleep?
If I let you do that, then you're just going to be up all night.
I promise I'll go to sleep soon.
No, you're going to sleep now, so good night.
See you in the morning.

I see myself as being honest, diligent, persevering and creative. And I have a strong sense of responsibility.
How about your psychological resilience?
I think I can work well under pressure, if necessary.
How would you deal with those who are not easy to get along with?
I will just be sincere and friendly to others, and I believe they will treat me the same way.
You seem to be a kind-hearted lady.
Thank you. I simply believe the goodness of human nature.
Please tell me your weaknesses if you can.
I should admit that sometimes I care too much about the details. I am always in pursuit of perfection.

Karen? I need to go over a few things with you.
Certainly. Mr. Graham. When would you like to meet?
I was thinking about this afternoon, after the sales meeting.
Fine. At 3:30?

I believe we' Ve met before. My name's David.
Yes, at your company, I think. I'm Frank.
Oh, I remember now.Very nice to meet you again.
Nice meeting you, too.

I made my little brother cry.
Shame on you?!

I need some mascara. Do you have good thickening mascara?
Of course. Here is our thickening mascara. We also have mascara designed to lengthen the eyelashes.
Alright. And I want to consider your eye shadow too. Do you have a color chart can look at?
We have a very wide selection of colors. And our eye shadow is specially designed to moisturize the skin. So it is very gentle on your eyelids. Would you like to sample some?
Oh, sure I will need to clean off my own eye shadow first.
I can help you with that.
Thank you.

Is this the baggage claim area for flight KB256?
Yes, we are on the same plane.
But I am a transfer passenger. I have a connecting flight to Miami.
So you have to bring your baggage to the transfer check-in area.
Yes.It' s quite troublesome. Why not go and find a porter?

Billy, you don’t look too well. Maybe you should take the day off school.
But Mom?! Today we’re playing football?! I love football?!
You’Ve got a fever and playing football isn’t a good idea for a boy with a fever.
What’s that on your arm?
I don’t know. It was there when I woke up this morning.
It’s rash. I’d better take you to see the doctor.
How did you get that bruise on your leg?
I bashed it against the chair in my room.
Does it hurt?
A little, but not much. Here. Put this wet towel on your face to keep your temperature down. I’ll take you to the doctor’s after breakfast.
If I’m better this afternoon, can I go to school?
If you are better, but I doubt you will be.

This is your schedule.
You're going out of your way for us, I believe.
You are our honored guests.

Are there any vacancies still available?
Yes. We need a plumber here.
I am looking for a job that is more advanced than that, such as sales manager or regional manager.
I am sorry. They are not available now.

My name is Mary, and I will be your waitress tonight.
Thank you, Mary. We have been looking forward to trying out this restaurant.
Before your main course, would you like to order an appetizer?
Sure, that sounds great. Where are your appetizers listed?
There is a special appetizer menu right here in the center of the table.
The chicken and cheese quesadilla looks good. Is that pretty good?
You know, that is one of my favorites?!
OK, I'll take one order of that.
You could choose another appetizer for half price to share.
Perfect?! Please add on an order of onion rings.

I am waiting for a fax but just now I found there's something wrong with the fax machine.
What's wrong with the fax machine? Is it urgent?
Yes, very urgent. And there is no other fax machine around. And the office of our boss is closed, so I can not use his machine either. And his secretary is out. Do you have any suggestion?
Either call this extension number 0085 or ask them to send the fax to you as e-mail, you print it out.

I would like to speak to you, if you don’t mind.
What would you like to speak to me about?
I would like to talk to you about this year’s election.
Is that right? I am a volunteer for this year’s campaign.
That’s wonderful. I am impressed at someone so young taking a stand. I know history is about to be made, and I would like to be a part of it.
That’s fantastic. Are you planning on voting?
I’m going to vote. Go to your polling place early on Election Day.
I will.
Good luck with your volunteering.

We hope that there will be no repetition of this kind of trouble in the future.
Yes. I promise it will not happen again.
We look forward to your settlement at an early date.
We will inform you as soon as possible.

Hello, Steven. How do you get along with your job?
Actually, I learn many things from it. I find that I am a quick learner in new things.
Practice makes perfect. By the way, what do you learn from your job?
At first I didn't know anything about the machine. Now I know how to operate it. Besides, the work gives me a sense of fulfillment and achievement.
Yeah, you are a good learner. I must commend you for your good performance.
Thank you. That's a long way to go for my job.
I appreciate your effort very much. The coffee break is over ; it's about time we set to work.
OK, let's go.

Where on earth are we?
Judging by all the traffic, I'd say we're near the outskirts of the city.
What did I do wrong? Did I take a wrong turn?
I'm not sure, but I think you turned right when you should have turned left on the flyover bridge.
Well, now we should turn back a few kilometres. It seems that the traffic sign is much more important than the map.

Hello. Front desk.
Yes. This is Bob Robinson. I’m calling from room number 627.
Hi, Bob. What can I do for you? Is it possible to change to another room?
Could you please tell me why? My room is facing the swimming pool. It’s noisy for me. I have a problem sleeping. And I feel uncomfortable when I take an elevator.
So you need a quiet side room on the lower floor.
You’re right. Okay. Let me check for a room on the first floor.
Thank you.
I’Ve only two rooms on the first floor. How about room 108?
That’s fine. Can I move now?
Sure. I’ll send the bellman to help you.
Oh, thank you kindly.
You’re welcome.

How long will it take for our order to be delivered?
Let's see. You are importing fifty containers of textiles from China. They should be able to place your order before the end of next week. It will take 2 days for shipping to the port city of Ningpo. The freight will take 3 weeks on the open ocean and will arrive in Los Angeles approximately a month from today. Domestic shipping will be your responsibility, you can make arrangements with the pier in Los Angeles.
Fine, we will handle domestic shipping, but what about customs? Will we have to pay tariff on our imports?
I hope we don't run into any problems with the border control.
No, the Chinese company has that all worked out. With the paperwork you receive with the shipment, you should be good to go.

Now you're my boss, Mr. Henry. Do you have any other particular conditions that you would like the company to take into consideration?
No, nothing in particular. You may ask questions about us, if you have any.
All right. When can I start?

What are you doing here today?
I would like to fight my ticket.
Is the arresting officer in the courtroom today?
Yes, the officer is here today. What's your case?
I was pulled over for running a red light, but I never did.
Do you believe that the officer lied?
There was a camera on the signal. So, he was obviously lying.
Your license plate was caught on camera?
A picture of my license plate was never taken.
Since there is no picture of your license plate on record, I'm going to let you go.
Thank you. I'm glad that you believe me.

Hey Joe, what are you doing in this department store?
Hi, Rita, I'm just looking for a pair of shoes. I won't be here for long.
Why not? When I go shoe shopping, I have so many options for sneakers that I spend awhile looking at all of the choices.
That's my problem. I don't have a lot of options. What do you mean?
This is a big store, isn't it?
Yes, but I have unusually big feet. That wouldn't be too much of a problem except that they're also very wide, and only a few brands sell shoes that I can fit into.
So how do you usually go about buying shoes, then?
Well, first of all, I can only go to certain stores that can guarantee me a large selection.
Well, you're in the right store. If they don't have it, no one will.
After that I choose something from one of the few brands that I know will fit me. I prefer white, so I ask them to bring me a pair of white sneakers in my size. Since I’m usually only given one or two pairs of shoes that meet my qualifications, it makes it a very easy choice.

what shall we do after the volleyball match?
how about going to the Olympic souvenir store to have a look? I remember there is one in the gym.
that's a good idea. I was thinking of buying some gifts for my family. me, too.
What did you have in mind?
I haven't decided yet, but I think the Olympic Mascots are a must.
I agree. They're very lovely, especially " Huan Huan ".
is that the red one? That is my favorite, too. Do you know how much they are?
the five dolls are sold together as a set, and they're priced according to the size. The bigger they are the more expensive.
oh, I see. If I buy more than a set, can I get any discount?
I don't think so. All the souvenirs of the Olympic Games are very hot right now.
any other ideas?
there are lots of things, such as postcards, key chains, posters and various arts and crafts.
it all sounds great. We can go there after the match. I can't wait to see what they have.

Mom?! I hate eating vegetables?!
You don’t have to eat them. I don’t mind.
Thanks mom?! Can I have dessert now? I love chocolate cake?!
No dessert for you unless you eat all your vegetables.
But I don’t like them?! It’s not fair?!
You can have some fruit for dessert. If you eat an apple and a banana, I might let you have a small piece of chocolate cake.
Ok... actually, I don’t mind eating peas and carrots, buy I hate broccoli and cauliflower.
I’ll remember that for next time. You’ll get extra peas and carrots, buy no broccoli or cauliflower. OK?
Thanks mom?!

It was very kind of you to give me a tour of the place. It gave me a good idea of your product range.
It’s a pleasure to show our factory to our customers. What’s your general impression, may I ask?
Very impressive, indeed, especially the speed of your NW Model. That’s our latest development. A product with high performance.
We put it on the market just two months ago. The machine gives you an edge over your competitors, I guess.
Certainly. No one can match us as far as speed is concerned.
Could you give me some brochures for that machine? And the price if possible.
Right. Here is our sales catalog and literature.
Thank you. I think we may be able to work together in the future.

Is the factory fully-automated?
Not completely. Our production process is partially-automated. We use robots on the production line for routine assembly jobs but some of the work is still done manually.
What about supply of parts to the production line?
Well, the parts are automatically selected from the store room using a bar-code system. And there is an automatic feeder which takes them to the conveyor belt at the start of the production line.
What about the smaller components?
They're transported to the workstations on automated vehicles - robot trucks - which run on guide rails around the factory.

I'm glad you're on your ten-year reunion planning committee.
Yeah, you get the TV to yourself while I spend my nights surfing the Net for missing classmates. That's not why. This way I can see how you guys do this sort of thing.
I guess. Don't you have reunions in Taiwan?
Definitely. Every year. But just for our forty-person class. Ours are for everyone that graduated in the same year.

What does your job involve?
I'm the Project Manager so I have to make sure our projects run smoothly. I work with three Project Engineers. They take care of after-sales service and look after the maintenance side of the business.

How many languages can you speak?
Besides Chinese, I can speak English and French. You mean you can read and write both of them?
No, I can only carry on a simple conversation in French.
Can you read and write English well?
I can speak the language better than read and write.
Do you speak the language well enough to communicate with people of English-speaking countries?
I think so. I used to be an interpreter. Do you think your English is good enough to do desk work?
The amount of English I know enables me to do general desk work. I believe what I know is sufficient to work in an American firm.

What can I get for you? Here is the menu.
Let me have a look. Well, how many kinds of steaks do you have?
We have sirloin steaks, pepper steak, and filet steak.
Is there something go with the filet steak?
Yes, we have various sauces.
What about the gravy?

Are you ready to go shopping?
Just a minute. I need to make a list of thinks that we need.
Good idea. Have you written down potatoes, carrots, and onions?
I don’t have onions on my list. I’ll add them. We should get some tea. Is green tea ok or should we get the same tea that we usually get?
Let’s get both. We need some coffee too. Is that on your list?
Yes, it is. Here’s my list. Is there anything that I’Ve forgotten?
I think you’Ve got everything. I want to got some chocolate and some cheese.
What kind of cheese do you want.
I’m not sure. I’ll decide at the cheese counter, when I can see what they have.
Have we got enough money?
We don’t have enough cash, so I’ll take my credit card and we can pay with that.
Where are the car keys?
I’Ve got them there. Shall I drive?

Hello, can you tell me how to use the telephone?
If you want to order meals, call 8801.If you need other help, call 8803 and someone will be there.
Thank you so much. By the way, is there a mail service?
Yes, you can take your letters to the counter over there.

I am afraid that the fax machine in my room won’t be working till tomorrow. A technician has just come and checked it. He will bring me a new one tomorrow. It seems there is a big problem with mine and it will take some days for repairing. Can I use the one in your office?
Of course you can. I am sure this one works very well. I just sent dozens of pages. How many pages are you sending? Are you familiar with my fax machine?
Yes, I think you have the same model as I have.
Does your fax machine print out immediately a transmission protocol?
Yes, it will print immediately.

How many years have you done business with China?
Let me see, about five years, we established our business relationship with Hua Mei of China Import & Export Corporation in 2003.
Do you have any difficulties in doing business in China? You know the Chinese economic legislation is still incomplete?
I don't think I have any problem with our Chinese partners. They have always followed the contract strictly. We can do business directly with the corporation. As I mentioned before, the Chinese government is trying very hard to perfect its law. Its commercial legislation provides legal protection for foreign companies.
Well, it's known that the Sino-American relation is in a dilemma. Does it influence your business in China?
Actually not at present. But we are afraid it will. You know policies influence business to some extent.
I hope our government will not be influenced by some extremists. China is really a large market. We don't want to lose it.
Thank you.
You're welcome.

Give me a pack of first-class stamps, please.
Here you are. That will be five dollars. Anything else?
Yes. I want some post cards and some airmail stamps. I want to send some letters to South America.
Just a moment, I'll look up the rate for air-mail letters to South America.
Can you tell me how much it will cost to send a package to Colombia? Also, I what to know how long it will take.
Do you have the package with you? I would have to weigh it to see how much it would cost. Do you insure package?
Yes. All you have to do declare the value of the package and decide how much you want to insure it for.
Is there a way that I can be sure that the people in South america receive my package?
The post office rarely loses package. You can, however, request a rectum receipt.
One last question-what are your hours?
We open at eight-thirty in the morning and close at five-thirty in the afternoon.
Thank you, you helped me a lot.

Hello, thank you for taking the time to interview me.
Hi there, I’m Bill Gotcha, the owner of Gotcha Enterprises. Did you find your way here OK?
Your assistant gave wonderful directions.
Why are you switching jobs at this point in your career?
Our Company is moving overseas and I wish to stay in the United States.
What are you best at?
I am good at organizing systems that have been having problems.
What is your biggest challenge in terms of skills?
I don’t like to sit around and so like to always find things to do to keep myself busy.
That is good to hear?!

Good morning. SRC international. How may I help you?
Good morning. I'd like to speak to Peter. Chen Please.
Certainly. Who should I say is calling?
This is Tim. Hunter from Hunter industries.
And what is it regarding please?
We have an appointment for this afternoon. Mr. Chen will know why I'm calling.
Of course, Please hold the line Mr. Hunter.

Right, let me run through your options. You can go ahead and cash your undue Large-Amount Deposit Certificate if you really want to, but I'd recommend a Personal Durable Commodities Loan.
OK, what does that entail?
It's not too much trouble to do it this way and remember, your certificate is due in 2 months. If you can hold on to it, it'll be much better for your finances.
Yes, it does seem a little silly to cash it now. I'll probably need about 25,000 RIB. Will that be a problem?
Not at all, Mr Zu. As the certificate is due in 2 months, you can get the loan on mortgage of that certificate.
I'm glad you thought of this. I'd have just gone ahead and cashed it?! And I suppose I can use the money from the certificate to pay back this Personal Durable Commodities Loan and I won't lose any interest, right?
Exactly right. If you'd like to go ahead, I can process that for you now, Mr Zu.
Absolutely, Jenny. Thanks very much, I think you've saved me quite a lot of money today.

My aunt told me one of her secrets--cellophane tape. I just got it at the special health store. It's for my flabby arms.
Let me know how it works. I have to say, I have had enough of this roller coaster.
I know what you mean. I'm like a yo-yo. Last week I was down to 60 kilos. This week I had one donut more. Now I'm up to 62 kilos.

May I have a menu, please?
Of course. Could you tell me how this thing is cooked? Lobster?
It is steamed and served with our special sauce.
Is it good?
Sure. It is a most popular dish.
I think I will try some lobster, and give me some green salad together.

Can’t you come in and have tea now, Peter?
Not yet, I must water the garden first.
Do you have to water it now?
I’m afraid I must. Look at it?! It’s terribly dry.
What a nuisance?! Last summer it was very dry, too. Don’t you remember? I had to water it every day.
Well, I’ll have tea by myself.
That was quick?! Have you finished already? Yes, Look out of the window. It’s raining.
That means you needn’t water the garden.
That was a pleasant surprise. It means I can have tea, instead.

I'm broke, and I have to catch another bus.
Why don't you have any money for another bus?
I got hungry and bought some chips.
That was smart.
Anyway, do you have any change I can use for the bus?
I don't have any.
I don't know how I'm going to get home.
Get a transfer from the bus driver.
How much is a transfer?
It doesn't cost anything.
That's great?! Thanks for your help.
You know what? Don't mention it.

Hello, Anna. Come in and sit down.
Hello, doctor.
What's the matter? I've got a backache.
Do you often suffer from backache?
No, I don't. I've never had a bad one before. When did it start?
About four days ago.
Well, go home and rest in bed for two days, then you'll feel better. Can you give me some medicine? It's very painful.
Yes, I'll give you some pills. Take one a time and three times a day, and come back in three days. If you don't feel...

Welcome on board. May I see your boarding pass?
Here you are. Your seat is three, in the third row, near the window.
Thank you. Where can I put my suitcase?
Either in the overhead compartment or underneath the seat.
Everyone's attention, please. We are going to take off. Please fasten your belts.

Hello, madam. How do you like your staying here?
Quite good. Excuse me, are there any places of interest?
Yes, there are so many near our hoteI. Three blocks away from here, there is temple. It's famous for its building and paintings. lt' s worth visiting.
Thank you. I think today we will go there.

You're here to make a deposit, is that correct?
Right. I'd like to deposit 2,000 RIB into my Current Account.
No problem. Could I have the cash and your Bank Book, please?
Oh dear... there seems to be some problems here... What? What's wrong?
I'm sorry but 5 of these notes seem to be counterfeit. Look at this watermark, do you see it?
It does look a little strange, I didn't notice that before.

Hello, sir. Is there anything I can help you find?
Um... Uh... I'm just looking, thanks.
Need a gift for your girlfriend or wife...
No, no, no. I'm just browsing. Thanks anyway.
Well, if you need anything, just ask. Um... well, where's the men's shoe department?
It's on the third floor. Turn left when you get off the escalator.
Thanks.

An idea about killing time on a train?
I advise you to read Playboy.You can get a lot from it.
But there's quite a lot of rumors about it.
That's why it's interesting.

Have you brought the receipt with you?
No, I don't. I left it home.
Sorry, but we can't do anything without the receipt. Come back with it.
I didn't know. I'll go to get it. How late will you be open?
Till 5:30.

I haven't told you what happened yet, have I?
I haven't heard anything.
My boss offered me a promotion, and I took it.
Are you serious?
Yes, I am really excited.
That's great. Congratulations?!
Thank you.
Actually, I could not believe it at first. You know, there're so many outstanding people in our company. Many of them are qualified to fill that position.
Sure, but you really did great and outperformed the others. You deserved it?!
Thank you very much.

I like Chinese food.
I like Chinese food, too. I like dumplings best. At school, we sometimes have Chinese food for lunch.
That's good. We eat Chinese food only at the Chinese restaurant.
My mother can make some Chinese food.
Really? That's wonderful?!

OK. Come back into the classroom, class.
Does the class start again, Mam?
Yes, but to the heath, this break has last long enough.
Oh, breaktime flies. come on, baby. It’s time now.
Mam, another minute, could I?
Hurry up, little boy.

What's the actual flight time from here to San Francisco?
It's about twelve hours.
Can you tell me what time we're arriving?
Sure. Let me see... at 6:15 a. m. local time.
I see. And that'll be 10:15 p. m. Beijing time.

Excuse me, but I'm not feeling too well. I think I'm going to throw up.
There's an airsickness bag behind the seat that's in front of you.
I must've missed it. Is this your first time flying?
Yes. I'm going to San Francisco.
Oh, it's a beautiful city. I think you'll like it.
Hey, I'm feeling much better already.
Sometimes if you don't think about it, that sick feeling will go away on its own.
Thanks.
By the way, my name is Mary.
I'm Frank. Nice to meet you.

Welcome to Al's Bakery. What can I get you?
Hi?! Let me get a dozen croissants, four blueberry muffins and a loaf of sourdough bread.
Sure. Would you like to have the loaf sliced?
No, that's OK. Do you have any whole wheat bread?
We are out at the moment. May I suggest some rye bread?
Sure that sounds good. Do you have any cakes?
We have various birthday cakes and also ice cream cakes.
I'll just take a cheesecake.
Will that be all?
Yes.
Your total is forty three dollars and twenty cents.
You got it.

Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, we are happy you have all come out for our training workshop. Today we have a great line-up of speakers to talk to you. First on our program is a well-renown expert in the field of international economic development, Harvard's own Dr. James Smith. Dr. Smith has been involved in economic research for over twenty years, and has taught at Harvard since 1995. And now, without further adieu, we'd like to welcome Mr. James Smith.
Thank you, Mr. Jackson, ladies and gentlemen, colleagues, friends. The subject of my talk is international relations in a morgen world. I plan to say a few words about the current situation in the Middle East and how it affects world economy. I'd like to give you an overview of the way that the economies of seemingly unrelated countries are intertwined. I've divided my talk into three parts, first an overview of international relations, second a discussion of current political situations, and lastly trends for the future. My presentation will take about two hours, but there will be a twenty-minute break in the middle. We'll stop for lunch at 12.

You're looking rather pale, why?
I couldn't sleep well recently.
You'd get plenty of sleep for you work so hard.
I always drink too much wine in the evening.
You shan't drink more wine in the evening.
Yes, you are right.
And you'd take some exercise every day.
Many thanks for your advice.

Hello Mrs Parker, how have you been?
Hello Dr Peters. Just fine thank you. Ricky and I are here for his vaccines.
Very well. Let's see, according to his vaccination record, Ricky has received his Polio, Tetanus and Hepatitis B shots. He is 14 months old, so he is due for Hepatitis A, Chickenpox and Measles shots.
What about Rubella and Mumps?
Well, I can only give him these for now, and after a couple of weeks I can administer the rest.
OK, great. Doctor, I think I also may need a Tetanus booster. Last time I got it was maybe fifteen years ago?!
We will check our records and I'll have the nurse administer and the booster as well. Now, please hold Ricky's arm tight, this may sting a little.

I’m interested in teaching at your school.
Great. Are you a qualified teacher?
Yes.
What kind of teaching certificate do you have?
I have a TEFL certificate.
How many years of experience do you have?
I have three years of teaching ESL and four years of teaching per-school children.
When did you get your TEFL certificate?
I got my TEFL certificate three years ago.
Why do you want to teach at our school?
Well, I’Ve heard many good things about it. I also like teaching young children.
That’s great. Can you speak Chinese?
Yes, just a little.
Can you come in for an interview tomorrow at 10:00?
I sure can.
Great. See you then.

Why is the car before us stopping?
What's going on? Look. Two cars are standing right in the middle of the road and the drivers are shouting rude words to each other.
That's why that car stops.
More and more people easily get irritated while driving.
Yes. This is what is called road rage.

This is today’s schedule. At 8 thirty AM, conference with the department managers. At 9 o’clock, live for the workshop where you’ll award prizes to the staff for preventatives.
That’s great. What are the prizes?
3000 RIB as bonus for each person. To encourage the staff increases.
Ok. Next thing is laying the corner-stone for the new plant at 10 AM. At 12 AM, back here for lunch. What about the afternoon? At 2 PM, give a presentation here with the press. At four o’clock sharp, have dinner with Mr. Smith, manager of NCC.

This is Lincoln Bank, Consumer Credit Department. How can I help you?
Ah, hello. I'm calling to find out how I apply for a car loan.
We offer a Personal Automobile Consumer Loan. The application process is pretty straight forward. I trust you have enough funds to cover the 20 % down payment?
Yes, I do. It's ready and waiting in my account.
The next step is for us to recommend a dealer to you, who are already contracted to us, so...
Could I just stop you there? Sorry to interrupt, but I have already been to your appointed dealer and selected the car I want.
That will certainly cut down the processing time. We can move on to the next step. Do you have the purchase price?
Yes, it's 110,000 RIB. So, with the down payment done, I will need to borrow 70,000 RIB.
What we need you to do next is to come into the branch with a correctly filled in application form, ID card, proof of residency, proof of income, the agreement from the agent and of course the 20 % down payment.
Yes, I have everything here.
OK, I'll come in and see you later today. Maybe I could have my new car as early as next week?! How exciting?!

Hi, my name is Tom.
Tom, the new sales representative? Nice to meet you?! I'm Melinda.
Nice to meet you too.Melinda. Now let me show you around. This is our reception area, and our conference room is right over there. Over here is the sales department.
Really? This is a nice office, but it's quite small.
Yeah... You can make photocopies and send faxes over there.
It looks like you guys work hard.
I tell you what just between you and me, we just mess things up so that it looks like we work hard.Just kidding.
Oh, your cubicle is over the. And this way. Those are all private offices the managers offices.
Hmm... Tell me more details about our jobs.
Sure thing.

What do you think of our price? Your price has gone up sharply, hasn't it?
Yes. We regret we cannot maintain our original price. Since the prices of the raw materials have been raised, we have to adjust the price of our products accordingly.
I agree with you there, but your price is unreasonable.
I don't think so. You must compare our price with that of other export houses. I'm sure our offer is in line with the prevailing market price level.
I don't think we'll be able to pay the price.
To have this business concluded, you need to lower your price at least by 3 %.
I’m afraid that there is no room for any reduction in price.
Don't you agree with me that in the long run, moderate prices will bring about large sales and more profit?
We've already cut down our price to cost level.
Is that all?
Yes, this is the best we can do.
I'm sorry we can't handle the price you offered.

So, Jimmy, how does it feel to have your own money?
It’s great, dad. I don’t mind delivering papers, but the real fun is collecting the money.
Even though you are only twelve, it’s not too early to start saving a little money.
I’Ve never had a bank account before. Why don’t I just keep my money under the matters like grandpa does?
You know you would spend it. And also, money in the bank earns interest.
But what if I need my money suddenly?
The bank will give you a PIN, and you can withdraw money from any ATM.
Great?! So it’s almost the same as keeping it under the matters?!
Not quite. You have to maintain a minimum balance of twenty dollars. And sometimes the bank has service charges. But you don’t have to worry about that yet. Let’s go make your first depot OK.
Guess I have to do that before. I can make money my first withdrawal.

Is this where I can catch a bus to the theater?
Yes, but you can't get there with out a change.
Which bus do I have to change?
You have to get off at the hospital and change for bus 15.
I see. Thank you.

Here we are, Joan. This is the Palace museum, also known as the Forbidden city.
Oh, how splendid?! Can you take a picture of me here?
Sure.

Excuse me. I'm afraid I got lost. Where am I on this map?
We are here, bus station, we are in the heart of the city.
Oh?! Can I go from here to the Zhongshan Park?
Head straight up the street about two blocks then turn right.

Tony, could you tell me if there are any special rules about the job?
Working hours are from 8: 30 a. m. to 5:00 p. m. Be sure not to be late or absent. Report to the manager by filling in the' Monthly Report' every month.
Is there anything else? How about my salary?
Our company has a strict and reasonable salary standard. On the 20th day of every month, you can get your salary on time. Benefits depend upon the length of service and the employee's past attendance record.
Wow, thank you for telling me these. Do you mind telling me something else, like attendance record, holiday, and how to ask for leave?
All new members are likely to ask the same questions. Haha.
I can understand that. Every month you have three days off, besides the weekends and some important holidays. After you've been here for a year, you qualify for a one-week vacation. The leave less than a half-day should predict for an hour, and more than a half-day should predict three days.
Okay, that's good. I get it.

Kate, you never believe what's happened.
What do you mean?
Masha and Hero are getting divorced.
You are kidding. What happened?
Well, I don't really know, but I heard that they are having a separation for 2 months, and filed for divorce.
That's really surprising. I always thought they are well matched.
What about the kids? Who get custody?
Masha, it seems quiet and makable, no quarrelling about who get the house and stock and then contesting the divorce with other details worked out.
That's the change from all the back stepping we usually hear about.
Well, I still can't believe it, Masha and Hero, the perfect couple.
When would they divorce be final?
Early in the New Year I guess.

Overseas operator. I would like to make a collect call to Taipei, Taiwan, please.
Your name, please.
Tim Chen.
What's the number, please.
The area code is 2, and the number is 2367-9960.
The line is connected. Please go ahead.

Hello. Excuse me.
Yes. Can I help you? Do you remember me? I just had lunch here a half hour ago.
Of course I remember you.
I think I lost my wallet here.
Oh, no. Really? I didn't see anything.
Really? You didn't find a wallet?
No, I didn't.
Would you like to go look by the table with me?
Yes, I would.
It's not here. And it's not on the floor.Has anyone sat at this table since we left?
No. It's been empty the whole time.
Hmm. I don't know how it could have happened.
I remember, sir, that your friend took the bill.You didn't pay for the lunch yourself, did you?
No. My friend did.
Then are you sure you took your wallet out of your pocket while you were here?
No, I'm not sure. But I usually take out my wallet when I sit down.It' s uncomfortable to sit on it. So I usually put it next to me on the table.
Maybe you lost it before you came here. Or maybe you left it at home.
I don't think it's at home. I think I had it when I left the house.But what should I do?
Well, the first thing you should do is make sure it's not at home.Then, if it isn't, you need to call your credit card companies and cancel your cards. Next, you need to replace whatever you lost, your driver's license, things like that.
Should I call the police?
You can if you want. But the police usually don't do anything about lost wallets.
Hmm. I'll go home and check. Maybe you're right. Maybe it's at home.
I'm sorry we couldn't find it, sir.
Thanks for your help.

Good morning, young lady. You can call me Ma. Do you see anything you like?
Yes. Many things?! I especially love this beautiful quilt.
That quilt was passed down to me from my ma in Holland.
It sounds like a special quilt. Why do you want to sell it?
Well, this home is too big for me now, so I'm moving to an apartment that is much smaller. Therefore, I need to part with a few things.
Oh, I see. Umm, how much do you want for the quilt?
Is fifteen dollars OK?

Have you got change for a thousand?
Let me see.

May I come in, Mr Sun?
I’d rather you didn’t, Miss Yang. I’m very busy now.
Can I try later then?
Yes, of course.
Is it all right for me to come in now, Mr Sun?
Well, uh... I’m still pretty busy, but... all right. Come in.
What can I do for you?
Do you mind if I sit down?
Not at all. Take a seat. Now what can I do for you?
I want to leave the department. Do you think I could put info a transfer?
Yes.
But why should you want to do that?
Do you mind if I speak frankly?
Not at all. Go ahead.
Well. You see, I don’t like the office. I don’t like the staff. And I’m afraid of you. And I don’t want to go one. So may I put info a transfer?
Yes. I’d be delighted if you did.

Where is that? Take me to the airport, please.
Are you in a hurry?
I have to be there before 17 o'clock.
We'll make it except a jam. You know it's rush hour.
There's an extra ten in it for you if you can get me there on time.
I'll do my best.
Here's twenty dollars. Do you have small bills?
No. If you can't break it, keep the change. But can you give me a receipt?
Here is your receipt.
Thank you.

Recently I have been getting headache and my eyes don't seems to see focus properly.
When did you last time have your eyes checked?
Two years ago. At that time I had no problems.Now I can’t even make out something ten meters away.
Come over here. I will test your eyes. First cover your left eye like this, and when I point, please read the chart from the top, and go as far as you can, telling me which way the “ E ” points.
All right. Good.Now the other eye. Well, this one is worse.
Never mind, just read as far as you can.
I can only read the first three lines.

Is there a car park near the supermarket?
Yes, there is an underground car park near the supermarket.
I see. Thanks.

Oh, come on, Ultraman?! What's up, Bro? What's in the bulletin?
It says that there will be a blackout from 5 p. m. to 7 p. m. in our neighborhood today.
Blackout? Even the TV has the limit. Don't you know you will look like a monster in the blackout?
Oops, no, Daddy can't watch American Idol, either?! That's not the point.
Come on, can you imagine that there will be no electricity on such a hot day? Oh, my god?! No air-conditioner?!
OK, since you are the smart one, can you come up with a better plan? So that we won't be baked like cookies here.
How about playing Barbie out there in the neighborhood?
Barbie? You know, I might be seven, but I'm not a girl.
Do you have a better plan?
All right, all right.

Yes, ma'am, how could I help you?
I am wondering if you do facial care?
Yes, we do.
How much would it be?
From 200 to 800.
I'm afraid 800 is too expensive for me. Could you recommend something around 300?
No problem.

Can I help you, Miss?
I would like to order 2 office-style cabinets and desk calendars. We want office-style cabinets in white. The catalogue number is 90-f-2356.
How soon do you want it?
Could you deliver it tomorrow?
No problem. Please handle the items carefully.
Certainly.
We will pay by collect on delivery.

I hate to do this to you, Alice, but I’m going to have to ask you to put in some more overtime.
Does it have to be this afternoon, Mr. Fairbanks? I’Ve already made plans.
Well, I would have preferred to do it today, but if you’Ve already made plans, we can do it tomorrow.
I’d appreciate that, sir. How long do you think you’ll need me to stay?

What’s your attitude when do wrong things at work?
The buck stops here.

Hello?! Is your company advertising for administrative assistant on the newspapers?
Well, Administrative assistant with shorthand and typing skills are badly needed here.
First I want to check about the availability and see if you could give me more information.
The position calls for a person with some working experience. We must be able to benefit from your analytical and interpersonal skills. Can you deliver your resume to us first?
Of course. I will deliver my resume to you in minutes' time. I hope you will consider my application and I shall appreciate a reply at your earliest convenience.
OK. I will call you soon. Bye now.
Bye.

Just as the saying goes, every potter praises his own pot. You should pay special attention to selling yourself properly in the interview. It is especially important for the graduates who step into the job market for the first time. You'd better prepare what you are going to say in advance, in order to have a good performance in the interview. The contents should be mainly descriptions of your background. And the length depends on the particular situation. Only when you are aware of what the interviewer will be interested in, can you make a targeted preparation. To sell yourself successfully, you should leave the interviewer a deep impression. Selling yourself should go straight to the point, and the statement should be clear and brief. It should also be truthful and realistic. Do not blindly blow your own horn. You should particularly state your strong points which are closely related to the position you are applying for. While you should not omit your weak points, they need to be described appropriately Time permitted, you could add certain examples to your description. Besides, in the interview, it is best that you make corresponding adjustments to apply your prepared contents flexibly.

Hello?
Hi, Deborah?! This is John. I'm calling from Australia.
What are you doing in Australia?
I'm attending a conference in Sydney this week. Remember?
Oh, right. What time is it there?
It's 10:00 P. M. And it's four o'clock in Los Angeles, right?
Yes - four o'clock in the morning.
4:00 A. M.? I'm really sorry.
That's OK. I'm awake now.

John hasn't turned up and Stefan is ill. Do we have anyone on stand-by?
I'm afraid not, we're very short-staffed at the moment.
Can you ask the shift supervisor to ask one of his team to do some overtime?
Perhaps Tommy can stand in for an hour or two until we find a replacement.

Jack, let’s go?! Oh, you are out of breath?! What happened?
Some people are wildly shooting on the next street. We must leave here as soon as possible?!
Take it easy. They will get caught.

Hello. May I speak to Jerry, please?
Sorry, but he is out for lunch right now.
I see. Can you give me some idea how long he'll be back?
I think he will be back around 2:00. If you like, please leave your name and phone number, I'll have him call you as soon as he comes back.
That's nice. My name is Steven, my phone number is 6789777.
Okay, I'll be waiting for his call. Thank you and bye?!
My pleasure, bye?!

Excuse me, Miss. What can I do for you?
I've just heard an announcement that my flight has been delayed.
What's your flight number?
Flight CA216 to Chengdu.
Yes, it's true. It has been delayed.
Could you please tell me why?
Yes, of course. The delay is due to heavy rain.
How long will the delay be? Do you have any further information about it?
I am sorry, we don't know the extent of the delay at present. But according to the latest weather forecast, there will be a change in weather soon. We have to wait.
Well, is it possible for the rain to stop before noon?
It's hard to say. Weather is so changeable in the summer. Please listen to the latest announcement about your flight.
Yes, I will. Thanks a lot. Bye?!
Bye

What are we going to do? I can't get the car out of this ditch. I'm stuck?!
I'm worried, Tom. I haven't seen any other cars for almost an hour.
I know. This is terrible. What can we do? This snow doesn't stop falling?!
I told you we should have stayed in town today.The weather report said 100 percent chance of snow.Why did you want to come up here?
I wanted to show you the cabin. We only had another half-hour to go.
Well, now we're stuck. What can we do?
I don't know. I've heard that when this happens, it's important to save energy.
What do you mean? We're stranded here, Tom. We may be here a long time.We need to conserve the gas in the car. The car's energy is what will keep us warm.
I have plenty of gas.
Yes, but the gas and the battery both have to stay working.We can't just let the car run and run.If we do, it will die soon. Then we'll freeze.
So what can we do?
Turn the lights off.Then, run the car and the heater only about fifteen minutes every hour.That will conserve the heat as long as possible.
Alright. That's a good idea. I wish we hadn't come up here. Now we'll probably be here for days.
Days?
Yes, it happens.That is what happens in big snowstorms. People get stranded for days.
Oh, my God?! It's good we have food. Probably we'll survive.But turn the car off for about forty-five minutes. Then we'll turn it on again.

Hey, buddy, can’t you see there’s a line?
Oh, sorry. I didn’t know.
What? You haven’t taken the bus before?
No, I’m afraid not.
Well, you have to wait in line like everyone else. Besides, you should let old people on first.
Sorry.
It’s all right. Where are you going?
I wanted to see the White House.
Oh, well you don’t want this bus, anyway. It goes to Georgetown.
Oh, no. It’s all right, though. Just get off at the next stop and catch the 79A.
Oh, well thank you very much.
You’re welcome.

Can I help you?
I'd like the double cheese burger meal, please.
What kind of drink would you like with that?
Just coke will be fine.
Would you like a super size meal? Only 2 RIB more, you'll get large coke and fries instead of medium. And today we are offering free toys all the meal boxes.
That sounds good, thanks, I'd like that. Actually I'd like sprite instead of coke, thanks.
That's not a problem, Miss. Will that be it?
Yes, that's all. That will be 25RMB, please
You got it.

Do you have any night tours?
Yes, we will depart in 10 minutes.
Is that a guided tour?
Yes, it is.
That's fine. Let's get on the bus.

I am sure we will make it up as soon as possible.
That's nice. We hope this matter will not affect our good relations in our future dealings.
Of course not. We have cooperated for a long time.

I would like to purchase some meat.
What kind of meat would you like to get today?
First off, I'm going to need a pound of ground beef.
A pound of ground beef is $ 2.48.
That's perfect. What else will you be needing?
I'm also going to need three pounds of chicken breasts.
The chicken breasts cost $ 4.05 per pound. What's the total price for the chicken?
It's going to be $ 12.15.
Okay, I think that will be all for me today.

I think you know already that I want to discuss the represent - ton for your alarm clocks.
Yes, Mr. Bergeron. You mentioned that in your letter.
To tell you the truth, your proposal surprised us.
Is that so?
Anyhow I want to go over the details with you in person, so you can give my suggestion thorough consideration.
Our firm specializes in this line of business. We have six sales representatives, who are on the road all the time, covering the whole of the European market.
Do you sell direct to shops?
Yes, we specialize in handling clocks and watches of all sorts. We have well established channels of distribution and we canvass the retailers direct, without any middlemen.
Do you keep a stock of these things?
In some cases, such as the wristwatches, which always have a steady market, we keep a stock in London and act as distributors as well as agents. Generally, however, we pass on the orders of our clients to the manufacturers for supply. We are paid for our service, of course.
That is, your commission.
Yes, our commission is very reasonable. We usually get a 10 % commission of the amount on every deal. Our agents in other areas usually get a 3-5 % commission. The European market is not familiar with your products. You have competitors from Japan and other continental countries. At the beginning of our campaign, there is sales resistance to overcome, we must send out salesmen to do a lot of traveling and spend a considerable amount of money on advertising in news - papers and TV programs. A 10 % commission will not leave us much.
According to your estimate, what is the maximum annual turn - over you can fulfill, in round figures, of course?
We will always do our utmost to enlarge the business, as our remuneration increases with the turnover, but we will not guar - ante anything, at least not to begin with.
We appreciate very much your intention to push the sale of our products. But our suggestion to you, Mr. Bergeron, as a preliminary step, is to do a little research into the market...
Do you mean to say you refuse us the agency?
Mr. Bergeron, you leave us no alternative. We can not give you an exclusive agency of the whole European market without having the slightest idea of your possible annual marketing turnover. Besides our price is worked out according to the costing. A 10 % commission means an increase in our price. We must have the reaction of the buyers in this respect.
Oh, that's just too bad. I intended to make great efforts in selling your products.
Well, we can still carry on our business relationship without the agreement. To start the ball rolling, we will provide you with price lists, catalogues and some samples. Only when you have a thorough knowledge of the marketing possibilities of our products, can we then discuss further details.
Ah, Mrs. Miller, but in this case am I covered?
Oh, yes. We will give you a 5 % commission on every transaction.
All right, but I'll be back again for the Autumn Fair. And then I hope we can see eye to eye about our commission and the terms of the agency.
Very good. We will discuss the matter again at the next Fair.

Excuse me, I’m sorry to trouble you. My name is Susan Ransom, and I have placed several orders with you company.
Yes, Mr. Ransom? This is Karl Miller. How may I help you?
Well, I wonder if you could track an order I placed with you last month. It hasn’t arrived yet.
Certainly, Ms. Ransom. Do you have an order number?

Have you worked out the offers. Mr. Thou?
Yes, we have. Here's our CIF quotation sheet. Please have a careful look.
Are the prices on the list firm offers?
Yes. All the quotations on the list are subject to our final confirmation.
I wonder whether there are any changes in your prices.
All these products are our best-selling lines. The prices of our products will change according to that of the international market demand. And we are always open to negotiate, especially on larger orders.
What do you have in mind?
How long does your offer remain valid?
I need some time to get my supervisors on board with this plan.
I understand. Our offer remains open for 4 days.

Hello sir, may I help you?
Yeah, I accidentally dropped my phone in the toilet.
I see. Well, you have come to the right place. We have over one hundred models of more than twenty leading mobile phone manufacturers.
Sounds good. I don’t want it to be too expensive, maybe something mid-range.
We have this new ETC smart phone.It comes with the Android OS so you can download applications. It also has a built-in camera, mp3 player and touch screen. It works on the 3G network so you have fast access to the internet wherever you are.
What about Wi-fi?
Of course?! You can access the internet from any hotspot as well as from home.
One last thing. Is it waterproof?

We have been over this a hundred times?! We are not getting a pet?!
Why not? Come on?! Just a cute little puppy or a kitty?!
Who is going to look after a dog or a cat?
I will?! I’ll feed it, bathe it and walk it every day?! We can get a Labrador or a German Shepard?!
What if we want to take a vacation? Who will we leave it with? Plus, our apartment is too small for that breed of dog.
Ok. How about we get a cat or a ferret?
We’re planning on having children soon, I don’t think those animals are a good idea with a baby in the house.
Fine?! Let’s get a bird then?! We can keep it in its cage and teach it to talk?! A parrot would be awesome?!
I’ll tell you what, I can get you some hamsters and we’ll take it from there.
Yay?!

Good evening, Mr. Lee and thank you for choosing our airline. We have just discovered that this flight is overbooked. Would you like to volunteer to give up your seat?
Overbooked? Give up my seat? I don’t understand.
From time to time we have a situation in which there are more passengers than there are seats on the aircraft. That’s overbooked.
I know what overbooked is, I just don’t understand how that could happen?
Actually it’s a common practice to overbook, as passengers often don’t take their flight as scheduled. Most of the time there is no problem but today, more passengers arrived than we have seats,
So who has to stay behind?
Well, first we ask for volunteers. If someone like yourself volunteers, they receive a free round trip ticket to be used within one year. If no one volunteers we just have to select someone.
Ok. I’ll volunteer. I could use a free ticket?!

I want to rent this apartment.
I’m glad to hear that. How much are you asking?
You will have to pay $ 1050 every month.
I can’t afford that. What can you afford?
I was thinking $ 800 a month.
I’ll need you to pay more than that. How much more?
How does $ 900 every month sound to you?
I can live with that. We have a deal then.

Good morning, Miss Monica. Nice to meet you again?!
Good morning, Mr. Thomas, it is nice to see you too. After the internal discussion, we have all agreed that you are the most suitable person for this position among all the candidates. So, today let’s talk about your expected salary and social benefits. What is your expected salary?
I’Ve worked in the field for more than 4 years. Depend on my work qualifications and experience, I would like to have 5000 Yuan to start.
The basic salary for your position in our company would be 4800 Yuan to start with increases giving according to your performance.
It is a bit lower than I expected. But I can accept that.
What are the working hours?
40 hours a week, Monday to Friday, 9 AM to 5 PM with one hour lunch break every day..
Do I have to work on weekend? If so, how do you pay for the overtime?
We do expect overtime work when it is necessary, but we pay twice of the work hour for working on weekends and three times for working on national holidays like Spring Festival and the Mid-Autumn Day.
Is there probation?
No probation is involved. If you feel good, you can start next week.

Welcome to the McDonald's. What will it be for you, madam?
One Big Mac and French Fries.
Is there anything else?
Give me one coke, please.
Is this to go or to eat here?
To go, please.
That comes to four dollars and ten cents.
And can I have some ketchup, please?
It's on the service counter over there. Please go to help yourself.

What's the name of this street?
University Street.
Do you know of any banks near here?
You'll see one at the corner on your right.

Hey there, you look a little lost. Are you new here?
Yeah how’d you know?
You can always spot the newbies. I can give you a few pointers if you want. Were you trying to use this machine here?
Yeah?! I just started my training today and I’m not really sure where to begin.
It’s ok, I know how it is. This machine here will work out your upper body, mainly your triceps and biceps. Are you looking to develop strength or muscle tone and definition?
Well, I don’t want to be ripped like you?! I just want a good physique with weights and Carpio.
In that case you want to work with less weight. You can start off by working ten to fifteen reps in four sets. Five kilo weights should be enough. Now it’s very important that you stretch before pumping iron or you might pull a muscle.
Got it?!
Wow is that the weight you are lifting? My goodness that’s a lot of weight?!
It’s not that much. Just watch... I’m ok...

Excuse me.Could you tell me how to return to the Hilton Hotel? I am afraid I lost my way.
Do you have a hotel card or something? Let's see.Yes, I have the address and telephone number here.
Oh, you're staying at the downtown Hilton.Then, you go down two blocks this way and turn left.You' ll find it on the right.
Well, I don't understand it very well.Will you draw me a map?

Excuse me, but could you tell me the way to the railway station?
The railway station? Just go down this street and turn left at the second corner. The station is at the end of that street.
How long will it take me to get there?
It's about a ten-minute walk.
That's very clear. I think I can find my way now. Thank you.
Not at all.

How does the political system work in your country?
We have hundreds of constituencies and the voters in each one elect a member of parliament. Most people call them mp’s.
Each mp belongs to a political party, right?
Almost all of them do. A few are independent. That means that they do not belong to a party.
If one party more than half of the mp’s. they form a government. That means that they choose a prime Finist
What’s a cabinet?
This is a small group of people-perhaps 25 mp’s who are usually ministers. They make all the big decision and discuss laws and policy.
Can any mp make a law?
Any mp can present a law to parliament. The proposed law is debated and voted on. If it is accepted, it becomes law.
I suppose a proposed a law needs the support of the big political parties.
Yes, it does, because they have most of the mp’s. most mp’s vote the way their party wants them to.
How do people choose which party or candidate to vote for?
They produce manifesto. These documents which states their policies. Some people just vote for the same party every time there is an election. Voters who often change the party they vote for are Calle

How was your interview?
Pretty good. The HR manager asked me the usual questions. Then he wondered why I had decided to leave my previous job.
What did you say?
I told him that I hadn’t got a raise for three years. I also told him that one of my best co-workers quitted her job because she had not been promoted for eight years.
Did he want to know the reasons?
Yes. I told him that my boss made some excuses of the recession. But I thought he had a pattern and a record of promoting men only. That’s sex discrimination.
When will you get the reply?
In a couple of days, I was told.
Wish you good luck?!
Thank you.

What qualities do you think a senior executive should possess?
Generally speaking, he needs creativity, the ability to communicate, sense of personal responsibilities, the ability to solve problems and so on.
Do you have all these qualities?
Yes, I have all of them. I am totally competent to be a senior executive.

Hi. I need more amenities, please.
Could you be a little more specific, sir?
Well, to be more specific, the free stuff, like soap, lotion, and shampoo.
I understand. Now, you're saying that you've already used up all your amenities?
Oh, no?! I've got all I need for my stay here.
So, what's the problem?
I need souvenirs?!
You want some souvenirs?!
Yes, yes. Souvenirs.
But, sir, our souvenir shop carries all those items.
That's not the same thing. If you buy hotel souvenirs, they have no sentimental value.
I understand, sir. I'll call housekeeping. You'll have your souvenirs shortly.

Hello, may I help you?
Yes.We' re interested in seeing the rooms for rent.
Oh, how nice.They' re bright rooms and the house is very quiet.
A nice quiet house is exactly what we're looking for.
Well, gentleman.Each room is $ 40 a week if you think that's OK.
That sounds just wonderful to us. When do you want to move in?
How about this afternoon?
Fine. I'll be expecting you around two.

Are you ready to order? May I suggest a veal?
No, I'll have the fish please.
The chicken is also nice.
No, I want the fish.
Our special tonight is lobster.
Thank you, but I prefer the fish.
Perhaps you'd enjoy the lamb.
No, I like the fish.
What ever you say?

Am I ever hungry? When will supper be ready?
It's almost ready. Can you set the table?
All right. Want to taste this dish?
Yeah. Oh, it's delicious?! Really?
Definitely. It's a wonderful meal.
Thank you, Honey. If you like to help me do the dishes, I'll be more dreadful.
I wish I could, but I won't.

Good morning, Kate. Long time no see.
Good morning, Vera, Nice to meet you.
Kate, I know you’Ve been a stewardess for more than one year. And I’ll have an interview on stewardess tomorrow. Can you tell me some etiquette about the interview?
Of course. First you should do up your long hair and do make up but not too thick.
Is there anything else I should pay attention to?
Yes, when you attend the interview, you should pay attention to your manner, style of conversation and expression. You should keep smiling always, being polite when you talk with the interviewer. Don't move from time to time when you sit there. And you also should know how to use eye contact.
Thank you, I've learned so much from you.
That’s all right. Hope you can do better tomorrow.

Can you fix me a cup of tea, Johnny?
Well... uh... how about a glass of juice instead?
No. I'd like tea. Can you put it in my favorite cup? You probably washed it...
Oh, yeah. Well, uh, about your mug... I'll find it...
Where are all the floral pattern plates? And dad's Yankee's mug?

Good morning, sir. May I help you?
Yes, I'd like to settle my bill.
Certainly sir. May I have your room key, please?
Sure. Here you are.
Just a moment, please. I'll draw up your bill for you... Thank you for waiting, sir. Your bill totals two thousand six hundred and fifty-eight yuan, including the phone and laundry.
That much?! Would you mind letting me have a look at it?
Not at all, sir. Here you are.
Thanks. Well, It seems to be right. How much is that in dollars, please?
Just a moment, sir. I'll calculate that for you. It comes to 305 dollars and 52 cents at today's exchange rate.
I see. OK. How would you like to make the payment?
In cash, please.
Here you are.
Thank you, sir... Here is your change. Could you check it, please? Thank you for choosing our hotel. I hope you enjoyed your stay.
By the way, please forward my mail to this address.
Certainly, sir. We hope you have a good trip.

Hi, Sam. I want to buy a pet. Do you have any ideas?
You really should go to Rachel's pet store.
why? anything special there?
it's more than special. You can find as many kinds of animals as you can put a name to and more.
Oh, really? are there any snakes?
snakes? there are even rodents and monkeys?! it's a world of exotic pets.
that's terrific. I can't wait to check it out.
Hang on. are you sure you want to keep a non-traditional pet?
why not? it's so cool.
but it will pose a risk to your health.
pardon?
i mean, most reptiles carry some harmful bacteria. they are likely to cause immune system problems.
well, I didn't realize that. I don't believe it's a good choice to keep those pets, especially for families with young children.
oh, I should have thought of my brother's baby girl. Maybe I'll just have a dog instead of an exotic pet.
yes, good luck, Maria.

I’m a new student. My name’s Robert. Nice to meet you.
My name’s Sophie. Are you French?
Yes, I’m. Are you French, too?
No, I’m not. What nationality are you?
I’m Italian. Are you a teacher?
No, I’m not. What’s your job?
I’m a keyboard operator. What’s your job?
I’m an engineer.

I can’t believe Obama is our President.
I am proud to know that he is our President.
You voted for him, right?
Did you vote for him, because I know that I did.
I did, too. I have nothing but faith in Obama.
Really? I’m sure he will help better America.
We do need some change in this country.
Our country is already changing as it is.
You’re absolutely right. I trust that he will take good care of our country.

Do you have a reservation, sir?
No, I’m afraid we don’t.
I’m sorry the restaurant is full now. You have to wait for about half an hour. Would you like to have a drink at the lounge until there’s a table available.
No, thanks, I’ll come back later. May I reserve a table for two?
Yes, of course. May I have your name, sir?
Bruce
By the way, can we have a table by the window?
we’ll try to arrange it, but I can’t guarantee sir.
That’s fine.
your table's ready, sir? Please step this way.

Do you have coffee shops in China, too?
Yes, of course. There are many tea houses and bars in China, too. People can drink, eat and relax at these places.
You like to go to these places, don’t you?
Yes, sometimes the music there is so beautiful. It is very romantic. I can stay there for hours.
Do you often go there alone?
No, I often go there with my friends.

Hi there?! I am looking for a new car. I have this old Ford Pinto that I would like to trade in.
I see. You are in luck this month because all of our models are on sale?! it is a perfect time to buy a new car since it’s the end of the year.
Perfect?!
I like this one.
That is the Ford Focus. A very light but powerful vehicle. It comes with dual side airbags, power steering and power windows, tinted windows and your choice of either automatic or manual transmission.
Sounds like a good car?! How many miles to the gallon?
It is a very fuel efficient vehicle giving you about 34 miles in the city and 40 on the highway.
That is really convenient. Especially now that fuel prices are so high?!
What’s under the hood?
A very powerful 2.5- liter turbocharged engine, Trust me, this car is fast?!
Now for the most difficult question. What is the price tag for this lovely vehicle?
Very affordable mam. You can take it out of this lot today with 0 % down payment and no interest for the first year?! You can test drive it now and we can sign the papers when we get back.
Great?! Let’s do it?!

I wonder if you could help me, I'm looking for a room.
Well, I have got a vacancy.
What sort of price are you asking?
Eight dolls fifty a week excluding laundry.
Would it be convenient to see the room?
Can you call back later? We're right in the middle of lunch.

Could you give me an expense report? I would like to attach the invoices for my phone bill this season.
Here you are. Do you need glue?
That is very kind of you. I’m just running out of glue.
You’re welcome.

IBA, Jane speaking. How can I help you?
Hello. I'd like to speak to someone regarding my card.
Sorry, I'm not quite sure if I understand. In what way, Sir? Has your card been stolen?
No, no. Nothing at all like that. It's just that I applied for a credit card with you a while ago, my application was accepted, but I'm still waiting for my card.
Oh, I see, Sir. Well, it does take 5 working days to issue and post the card.
Yes, my application was accepted last Friday. Now it's Wednesday, that's more than 5 days.
Sorry, Sir, but it's 5 working days. This does not include weekends, so your card should be with you later this week.
Of course?! How silly of me?! Yes, 5 working days would mean this Friday, at the earliest.
I see. I'm sorry to trouble you.
It's no trouble at all, Sir. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nothing, thanks. I again apologise for the misunderstanding, bye for now.

What can I do for you, sir?
We'd like to order breakfast for tomorrow morning.
Yes, sir. What would you like?
Orange juice, scrambled eggs, bacon, toast and coffee.
OK, and when shall I bring it here?
About seven thirty.By the way, could you also bring me tomorrow's papers?
Of course, sir.

What shall we do when we find a shortage in the shipment?
You should do one of the two things - either to lodge a claim with the shipowner or with the insurance company.
Shall we leave it to the brokers?
Yes. They usually do it. Do they charge for that?
Of course. In Europe, they charge a commission of 1 % of the amount of the claim for their service.
Is it the same in America?
They do the work without charge to the importer. It's part of their service, isn't it?
Exactly. Is it enough to claim with an on board bill of lading?
No, you must also obtain a statement from the shipping agent certifying that the goods were actually loaded on their vessel for shipment.
I see. By the way, how do we prove the ownership of our goods?
You must provide full original set of ocean bills of lading original insurance policy or certificate and the original commercia invoice.
I see. Thank you.
You are welcome.

I'll be on business for a couple of days, could you take care of your sister?
OK, Mum, when will you be back?
I'll be back in ten days.

Passport, please, madam.
Just a minute, please. It's in my bag. Here it is.
Thank you. Please fill out the Baggage Declaration Form.
All right. Shall I enter all my belongings?
No, only the articles listed on the Declaration.

I’m hungry, let’s go grab a bite to eat.
Yeah me too.
Oh?! Can we stop at the shop really fast? I lost my makeup bag at the airport and I want to pick up a few things.
Will you take long?
No?! Five minutes I promise?!
Come on?! We have been here for almost an hour?! I thought you said you were only going to get a few things?! How long does it take you to pick out a lipstick and some nail polish?!
Are you crazy? You have no idea what you are talking about?! Just for my eyes I have to get eye-liner, an eyelash curler, eye shadow, an eyebrow pencil and mascara. Then I need to get foundation, liquid foundation.
Whoa whoa whoa?! Are you nuts? How much is all this going to cost? I’m looking at the price at each one of these little things and it’s outrageous?! This is basically a crayon?!
What about you? You spend as much or more money on your razors, after shave, cologne and gel?! Not to mention how much you spend on clothes and...
Fine?! Get the stupid thirty dollar crayon?!

Can I borrow five bucks?
No?!
Come on?! I'll pay you back on Tuesday.
Last time I lent you money, you never paid me back.
I promise if you lend me five dollars today, I will repay you in full next week.
Ok, but I'm taking your skateboard as collateral.
Fine?! I can't believe you don't trust me.
It's nothing personal, just business.

May I help you, sir?
Yes, please. I'm looking for a cotton polo shirt.
Any particular colour?
Not really. How about this one?
I like the design, but don't particularly care for the colour. Do you have that in other colours, too?
Well, they come in white, pale yellow, aqua, red and green. Will a white one do?
Yes. I prefer white - and may I see a pale yellow one, too?
Why, of course. Let's see... White... Pale yellow. Here you are, sir.

I’m so surprised to meet you in this remote village. Long time no see.
Yeah. How are you these days?

You look terrific and in good shape.
Thank you. How do you keep fit?
I do yoga twice a weeks
Yoga? It sounds interesting.
It was hard at the beginning, but now feel it's really relaxing. It makes me flexible.
Anything else?
Yes, I often go swimming. Are you interested in swimming?
Yes, I like it very much.

Are you going home now?
No, I'm not. What are you going to do? Are you going to work late?
No, I'm not. I'm going to look for an apartment.
An apartment? Why?
I'm going to try to find a place near the office.
Where are you living now?
Out in the suburbs. It's a long trip to work every day.
How are you going to find an apartment?
I'm going to buy a newspaper and check the classified ads.
Apartments in the city are expensive.
I know, but I'm going to enroll in a night school to take a course in business management.

no, no, you helped me with my computer last week. I want to repay the favor.
no, it's definitely my turn to treat you... you paid last time?!
oh, that was just a quick bite to eat---that doesn't count?!
ok, ok, how about we just go Dutch?
It's settled.
Listen, I'm still pretty new around here, would it be alright if you found the restaurant?
ok... sure.

I am waiting for a fax but just now I found there’s something wrong with the fax machine.
What’s wrong with the fax machine? Is it urgent?
Yes, very urgent. And there is no other fax machine around. And the office of our boss is closed, so I can not use his machine either. And his secretary is out. Do you have any suggestion?
Either call this extension number 0085 or ask them to send the fax to you as e-mail, you print it out.

Hey, Jim. It's time to wake up and get out of bed.
Do I have to get up now?
You'd better get up, or you'll be late.
What're you talking about? My alarm even hasn't gone off yet.
Yes, it did. It went off thirty minutes ago. You slept right through it. You're like a dead person while you sleep.
I must have slept right through it.
Rise and shine?! Sleepyhead?!
Just let me sleep five more minutes.
The early bird gets the worm.
I know, I know. But I don't want any worms. Ha?! Ha?!
If you don't make an effort now, later on it'll be a lot tougher for you.

What shall we do tonight?
How about the cinema?
That's a good idea. We haven't seen a film for ages. What would you like to see?
Oh I don't know. Titanic?
Titanic? That old film? but I've seen it before?!

I’Ve been told you might have a vacant room.
Yes. I have a spare room.
How much are you asking?
10.00 dollars a night.
Could I see the room, please?
Sure.Come on in.

Sit down, please. What's wrong with you?
I feel cold, and I'm shivering. I have a terrible headache and a sore throat.
How long have you been like that?
About a day.
Let me have a look at your throat first. Please open your mouth and say " ah ".
Ah... And show me your tongue... Thank you. That'll do. You have slight tonsillitis, and your throat is inflamed. How is your appetite?
Not so good. Now, let me take your temperature. Please put this thermometer under your armpit and let me feel your pulse? Your pulse is weak.
Do I have a temperature, doctor?
Yes, you have a high fever. I'd like to give you a blood test.

Yikes?! What was that noise?
I had to blow my nose.
Did you have to blow right next to the phone? Did you hear that?
Of course I heard that. I thought a plane had crashed into your house.
It wasn't that loud.
I will blow my nose sometime for you, and you'll see.
Okay. I'll take your word for it. I thought you had an elephant in your house.
You're funny.
What did you say? I think I've gone deaf.
I'm going into the bathroom to blow my nose. I'll be right back.

Can I have the check please?
Right away, sir.
Is this amount correct?
Yes, sir, it is.
Thank you, the service was good
Please come again.

Nowadays fewer and fewer people go to the movie theaters to see films. So I am afraid that the film studios are really getting hard time to survive.
What you said is true. But the film producers there are more flexible ways to get more audience. For example, to make more movie Ccds, so people will spend money buying them. But it is true that cinemas are losing the attraction they used to have in the past.
Yes. Take myself for example. I seldom go to cinemas, but it doesn't mean I no longer see films ; instead, I see films at home-watching Ccds.

Okay, well I’m sure you have a number of questions to ask me regarding the position.
Yes, well Miss Childs did give mean overview of the position over the phone, but there were some details I’d like to clarify.
Well feel free to ask me anything, and I’ll try to fill in the details. Could I first ask about the remuneration package?
Yes, of course. That’s quite an important point, isn’t it? As a junior sub editor we offer a starting salary of 150,000 HK dollars per annum. This doesn’t include a generous housing allowance also.
I understand. And are there other bonuses included?
Well, apart from full health insurance we do offer a company staff bonus scheme linked to readership numbers. But we could go through all the details of that at a later date.
Well, Mr. Parsons, I am flexible when it comes to salary. The opportunity to work in Hong Kong for you is the most important thing for me.
Excellent. Well, what other questions do you have Rebecca?

We need to take the accounts system offline to carry out the upgrade. But don't worry, it won't cause too much inconvenience. We're going to do it over the weekend.
How long will the system be down for?
We'll be taking everything offline in about two hours' time. It'll be down for a minimum of twelve hours. If everything goes according to plan, it should be up again by 6 pm on Saturday.
That's fine. We've allowed forty-eight hours to be on the safe side.

Welcome to IBA. Can I help you?
Yes, please. I'm here for an International Settlement. Our company has to effect payment, and it needs to be done today. Here's the advice slip for the payment.
Thanks. I'm sorry to say that you need to get this stamped. There is no stamp on this slip and it is essential before I can process it for you.
I see. So, I need to stamp it. And sign it too?
Yes, that's right. Down here, at the bottom right hand corner to show that you agree to pay the printed amount.
I'll go back to the office and get it sorted and pop back later.
Thanks, bye for now.

That's the warehouse where the large items of office equipment are stored. If I ordered a desk today, how would it be before I got delivery in Scotland?
Well, I think perhaps you'd better speak to our Production Manager, Mr. Yao. You'll meet him when we go over to the factory.

Excuse me. I have just missed the connection plane due to the heavy fog in London. Can I change my ticket now?
Please Show your ticket and passport.
Here you are.
Which flight do you want to change?
The next one to my destination. I have to be there as soon as possible.

Hi, can I speak with the apartment manager, please?
Hello, this is the apartment manager speaking.
I'm calling about the apartment for rent on Main Street.
Would you be interested in seeing the apartment?
I would love to see it.
Are you free today at around 6 p. m.?
Yes, I will be able to make it then.
Well, I'll see you at 6 p. m. Do you know how to get there?
I used to live in that area.
I'll give you an application form when I see you.
That sounds good. Do I need to bring anything?
No. Just bring yourself.

Good afternoon. Welcome to China. May I see your passport, customs and health declaration form?
Yes, here you are.
Thank you. W hat's your occupation, Mr. Smith?
I'm the general manager of the Far-East Industry Corporation. You are here on business, aren't you?
Yes, I have been invited by the East Import
I see. Do you have anything to declare?
Yes, I have some foreign currency to declare.
Would you please fill out this currency declaration form? It's a record of the foreign currency you have brought in.
All right.

How much does it cost for a bus pass?
It'll be $ 65 for a monthly pass.
Is there anything cheaper than that?
If you're in school, you can get a student pass.
Well, I am how much will that cost?
The pass is free.
I don't have to pay for anything?
You'll only have to pay for the monthly sticker.
How much is the monthly sticker?
It's $ 24 for each month.
I'll take the student bus pass.
Okay, I'll get you one.

I see there are some workmen on the site. When is the building work due to start?
Well, it'll take three weeks to demolish the old building and clear away the debris. We should be ready to start the construction work in week 23.
How long will the sub contractors be on site?
About ten weeks in total if everything goes according to plan.
I'm sure it will.
So, we should be able to start moving the machinery in during week 34.
I'll confirm that date with our suppliers.

Andrew's Hair Salon, this is Andrew.
Andrew, this is Linda Chen.
Hi Linda, what can I do for you?
I need to set up an appointment to get my hair fixed.
For what day?
Tuesday morning.

Have you bought a bus pass yet?
I'm not getting one.
Why is that?
It's cheaper if I don't buy one.
Buying a bus pass will save you money. How do you figure that?
There's no limit to how often you can use your bus pass.
Really? Plus, you don't have to use change for the bus anymore.
I like that.
You want to buy one now?
I'm going to.

Are you ready to order, sir?
Yes, I would like a roast duck and my friend wants steaks.
How do you like your steaks?
I'd like it medium-well.
OK, sir, wait a minute.

Hello, I want to know how much it costs to have a manicure and pedicure.
Usually it's 60 dollars for a manicure, and 80 dollars for a pedicure. But with this special discount, the total for both is only one hundred and 20 dollars, and you can get them painted.
That's nice. I'd like to give it a try. I think I like passion red. please.
Alright.Do you want your cuticles cut, too?
No. Would you like the shapes square or round?
Square. But with round at the edges, please.
All right, it's done. Please follow me to the drying section. How long will it take to get them dry?
Ten or about five minutes. You'll be all set.
I see, thank you.

Hello, this is Lucy. May I speak to Mr. Smith?
Oh, hello, Lucy. What's up?
I'm afraid I can't come to work today, Mr. Smith.
Oh, what's wrong with you?
I've got a fever and a very sore throat.
Well, you sound ill over the phone.
Yes. I have to stay in bed today, but I'll be able to come tomorrow.
That's all right. Have a good rest until you feel well enough.
Thank you, Mr. Smith. Goodbye.
Goodbye, Lucy.

Waiter, we have been waiting for 20 minutes. Would you mind hurrying?
I am sorry, sir, the fish you ordered will take a longer time because we make it with fresh fish.
That's fine. Would you please bring me some wine?
Sure, is dry white wine OK?
Yes.
Thank you.

Hi Bob, I won't be in work tomorrow.
Why, what's the problem?
I have a dentist appointment.
Okay.

I've come about your wools. According to our market survey, wools are likely to find a ready market in our country.
Wonderful?! We can meet your requirements and the offer is ready for you. Here it is. The unit price is USD 15.00 per kilogram.
Do you quote CIF or FOB?
It's FOB Shanghai. Could you quote the price of CIF Hamburg?
Certainly, that's easy. We will work out our CIF offer this evening. Could you come again tomorrow, say, at 10 AM?
Okay, see you tomorrow?!

Hi?! Do you want a fill-up?
Yes, please. Which type of gas do you want? Regular, Super, or Premium Unleaded?
What's the price difference?
Regular is $ 1.15, Super is $ 1.25 and Premium is $ 1.39.
Just fill it up with Regular, Unleaded, please. Do you want me to check the tires and the fluids?
Yes, I would. Thanks a lot.

Is your father in the habit of having naps?
Yes, all of us have naps.
Don't you feel dizzy when you have to get up?
No, not at all.

Excuse me. I need some storybooks in easy English. Do you have anything likethat?
Well, there are a lot of storybooks upstairs in our children's section. Some are written for young children, others for teens. Maybe some of them will suit your needs.
I'll go take a look. Thanks for your help.
You're welcome.

Good morning. I need to speak with the property manager, please.
Good morning. You are speaking to the property manager.
While it was raining last night, water started leaking in from the ceiling.
Was it leaking in the bedroom?
It was in the living room.
Can you tell me which floor you are on?
We are on the bottom floor.
I would like to look at the leak. Will you be home this morning?
Yes, someone will be here to let you in.
Just in case you have to leave, we will just use the master key.

How much is your last salary?
I have earned 10,000 a year including bonuses.
How much do you want us to pay you?
I like to be paid more than that. Hopefully, 150,000 a year.
To be honest, I left the company to get more income.

I hope you can help. I've got a bit of a problem with your ATM.
Of course, that's my job. Oh, dear. What's happened?
Well, it's eaten my card?! It won't give it back?!
I see... calm down, don't worry. May I ask what were you doing when it took your card?
Yes. I was only entering my PIN. I'm terrible at remembering it, I'm so forgetful, you see.
Mmmm... and exactly how many times did you enter it, please?
Maybe three times. As I said, I always forget it.
Ah?! Don't worry ; it's just a security measure. If someone uses a card and cannot get the right PIN after three attempts, the bank keeps the card in case it's stolen. Just contact the bank and we'll get it back to you.
Oh, I see. So if I call my branch they can sort everything out for me?
Yes, they'll be happy to help. Believe me, it happens to many people.
I'd better try harder to memorise my PIN in future. Thanks.

Is this the counter to pick up parcels?
Yes, it is. I want to pick up my parcels.
Please show me your parcel order.
OK. Here you are.
Let me check your parcel number. Song Ping's parcel number should be CP 06230221 5 CN.
Here is your parcel.
Thank you.
Not at all.

Hi Brittany. What are you doing with all of your clothes on your bed?
I'm trying to decide what to wear to school the first day.
Oh, A. Mom didn't tell you?
Didn't tell me what?
What? This Bs' school you're going to is going to make your life easy.
What are you talking about brother? Spill it.
Uniforms, sis, no more worrying about appearances?!
You mean I have to wear the same thing every day?
MOM?!

What would you like for your main dish?
Steak, please.
How would you like it?
Medium rare, please.
Anything else, sir? May I have a glass of red wine, please?
Of course.

Mr. Smith, do you like the hotel we booked?
Yes, we do. We like it very much.
I've come to make sure that your stay in Beijing is a pleasant one.
Thank you so much.

David, we have been doing business for three years, haven't we?
Yes, I'm glad we've had very pleasant cooperation in the previous years.
And your achievement for promoting our clothes was great in the three years. So, I wish to apply for the sole agency of your product in our local market. If you give us the agency, that will be more substantial for our cooperation.
To be frank, you are not the only one who applies for an agent for us in your country. I'd like to know some ideas of terms on which you would be willing to operate as our agent.
As we are a well-established company, we are very familiar with the customers' needs. Besides, we can make full use of our good connections with the wholesalers and retailers here and develop a good market for your products if appointed as your agent.
Sounds reasonable. I will tell my boss about you agent application. Another question, what do you think is the minimum annual sales you can guarantee?
To be on the safe side, and for garment of all materials, sizes, and styles, I think the amount will be 50,000 pieces a year.
Well. As our sole agency, you will neither handle the same or similar products of other origins nor re-export our goods to any other area outside your own.
No, certainly not.

Excuse me. I bought this circulator here yesterday but it doesn't work.
Oh, let's see what's wrong.

Where can I find the produce?
Aisle A is where you'll find all the produce.
What sales do they have today?
I'm sure something is on sale. Please check with the produce person.

Hello, this is Steven from Blue Sky Co. May I speak to Mr. James?
Speaking.
Excuse my troubling you. You purchased our products last year and now I am following up to find out about their workings. Are they still in good condition now?
Yeah, exactly?! I bought them last year. En... at present, they are still in good state.
That's it?! All of them have first-class quality and performance. Besides, we adopt advanced technology. Now we have developed new products. They are much better than what you have bought.
Your company is developing so fast. Maybe later on I will plan to buy more.
That's great?! Thanks for your support. If any, please remember to call us.
I am afraid I have to say goodbye now?!
Bye, Mr. James?!
Bye?!

Ms.Dawson, I need you to take a dictation for me.
Yes, sir... This should go out as an intra-office memorandum to all employees by this afternoon.Are you ready?
Yes, sir.Go ahead.
Attention all staff... Effective immediately, all office communications are restricted to email correspondence and official memos.The use of Instant Message programs by employees during working hours is strictly prohibited.
Sir, does this apply to intra-office communications only? Or will it also restrict external communications?
It should apply to all communications, not only in this office between employees, but also any outside communications.
But sir, many employees use Instant Messaging to communicate with their clients.
They will just have to change their communication methods. I don't want any - one using Instant Messaging in this office.It wastes too much time?! Now, please continue with the memo.Where were we?
This applies to internal and external communications.
Yes.Any employee who persists in using Instant Messaging will first receive a warning and be placed on probation.At second offense, the employee will face termination.Any questions regarding this new policy may be directed to department heads. Is that all?
Yes.Please get this memo typed up and distributed to all employees before 4 pm.

Do you have everything?
Let's see... my ID card, my passport, and my suitcase. I'm pretty sure I've got everything.

This is Dunlin. Is this Mrs Smith speaking?
Yes, what can I do for you?
I just want to call and say thank you for letting me interview yesterday.
You are welcome, Mr. Sun.
And I also want to know what the status is of the position.
Sorry, we haven't made the decision at all. But we should be making the decision by the end of this week. And we'll get in touch with you once we make it.
Do you have any questions we didn't cover in the interview?
No. Thank you, I am looking forward to hearing from you. Bye-bye.
Thank you for the calling. Bye-bye.

I often sneeze after having a bad itch inside my nose. Sometimes this is accompanied by an itching throat.
Any other discomfort?
Yes. Sometimes I can notice a constriction in the chest and shortness of breath after a fit of sneezing. And I often suffer from a running nose with a profuse watery discharge.
Does it occur seasonally or all year round?
It has been seasonal during these past three years.
Are you sensitive to other things?
Yes, things like seafood and penicillin-type drugs.
OK. Let me examine your nose. According to your case history and the examination, I believe that it's allergic rhinitis.
What useful treatment can you offer?
I'll give you a series of specific skin tests. Then we'll know exactly what substances you're allergic to. Then I'll give you some causes of desensitization therapy.

Miss, would you like to try this free sample of our new suntan cream?
Sure, why not?
This is a new product of company this year. It's oil-free.
I see. It feels very light on the skin.
It gives your skin a very natural healthy look. I like the cool smell, too.

So how can I make it?
First you make a list of what you wanna buy...
But I’Ve gotta have the budge before anything else.
Well, that’s a problem, isn’t it?

Did you have a part-time job when you were still in school?
No, I was way too busy studying all the time. How about you?
Yeah, I worked about twenty hours a week in a pizza restaurant.
What was that like?
It was always very busy there. What did you do?
I stood behind the register and took pizza orders.
Did you get any perks on the job?
Yeah, I got to eat as much pizza as I could for free.

Okay. I'd like to change some euro into US dollars, please.
Sure. How much would you like to change?
Six hundred euro.
Very good. May I see your passport?
Here you are.
How would you like your bills?
In fifties please.

Why are you reading the classifieds? What do you need?
I'm looking for a bookcase, but I don't want to buy a new one.
Are you having any luck?
Not really. There aren't any used bookcases listed. But there are a few rummage sales on Saturday. I think I'll go to them.
Do you mind if I go with you?
Not at all. These private sales are great places to bargain. And sometimes you can find terrific things among all the junk.
I learned to negotiate from my mother. I thought I was pretty good at bargaining, but I had a problem the other day at Kimble's Department Store.
What happened?
I wanted to buy a beautiful wool sweater for my girlfriend. It was priced at forty dollars, so I started by offering the salesclerk thirty.

Do you do a lot of your shopping online?
Not really. I like looking on the internet at what’s available, but I usually prefer to actually see and touch what I’m buying before I pay for it. Sometimes, I’ll look at something in a shop, but lat No. I’m a little worried about security. You never know who’s trying to find out your codes and passwords. Aren’t you worry about that?
Not really. I know that it happens, but if you buy from reputable companies with secure websites, you should be ok.
Even though I use online shopping facilities, I don’t think it’s the best way to sho
I’m surprised to hear you say that. I thought you loved anything technological.
I do. I’m a big fan of using new technology, but I don’t want to sit in front of a computer screen all day. I think people need to get out and interact with other people. So, how about coming to the department store with me? I want to see if there are any new summer clothes on sale yet.
Sure. I’d love to join you. Can we stop by the computer store? I just want to see if they have something.
Sure. While you’re in the computer store. I will visit the book store opposite. I like to browse through their books and see if they have anything interesting.
Ok. I’Ve finished online. Let’s go.
I’ll just get some money and my credit card.
Thanks for reminding me. I had forgotten to get mine.

Please help yourself at your dishes. I hope you’ll enjoy what you’Ve got.
It suits my taste. You are really a good cook.
Would you like to try my special recipe?
Wow, let me try. It tastes nice.
How did you make it?
It’s as easy as pie. I always follow recipes.

Mr. Dick. Does the recommendation of the university play an important role?
Yes. In fact, the recommendation letter written by the university is an indirect self-recommendation. In the long period of cooperation, the university has established good relationship with the companies or organizations, they trust each other well. If your university recommends you, you can be approved more easily.
But I find that most of the recommendation letters written by universities are the same. So I doubt its authority.
More and more persons have the same discoveries since most universities do that in order to save energy. If your university also does like this, you can look for other methods, because such kinds of recommendations say nothing for you. Could you tell me whether or not I send out my resume with it?
It depends. If it has something special or useful, I suggest you send it out.

Taylor, can you tell me how to apply for a job on the Internet?
Just fill out an application. Do I have to send an E-mail?
You are expected to know the E-mail address of the unit.
But I still don't know which unit is in need of staff. Send out an application through Job-wanted on the website.
Can any unit see my information?
It's a two-way choice. And your application will be read.
Which websites offer this service?
Sina, 21st Century Talent Net, and a few others.
Thank you.

Don’t throw your weight around. I can’t bear you any more.
I dare you to say that again.

Were you a leader when you were in college?
Yes. I was Propaganda department minister of our university.
Did you get any honors or awards at your university?
No. It’s a pity about it.
Were you involved in any club activities at your university?
Yes. I was a member of the basketball Society. I like playing basketball.
What extracurricular activities did you usually take part in at your college?
I sometimes played basketball and sometimes played football.

You want to argue your ticket today?
Yes. That is why I'm here.
Tell me your argument.
I was pulled over for allegedly speeding.
Are you sure you weren't speeding?
To be honest, I really wasn't.
What speed were you going?
I was under the speed limit. I was going 35, when the speed limit was 40.
I'm just going to let you go, since the arresting officer isn't here.
What about my ticket? Do I still need to pay?
Don't worry about it.
I'm so glad for your help.

Annie, do you like shopping online?
Yes, I like it, because it's convenient. Last week, I tried to buy a new cellphone online, but I didn't know how to pay for it.
First, you should open an account at the online bank. After that, you can buy anything you want online.
Are there many things online?
Sure. You can find everything all over the world. Let's check it out online?!
( They log in a shopping website. ) That's amazing. Oh, an on line virtual supermarket? Let's click to check it out. Oh, I got it. It simulates the real supermarket, which makes it feel so real.
Mom will love it. She loves shopping in supermarkets.

Ah, Bob. Just the person I wanted to see.
So what is it?
You gotta help me out this time, buddy.
Another tough thing, I guess.

Hey?! What happened??! My song was only half way through and it skipped to the next song.
I don't know what happened?! You cancelled the song, didn't you, Jack?
No, I didn't.
Really?! Then, is the machine broken or...

Good evening, Do you have a reservation?
Yes. The reservation under Mr. Watson.
Ah, yes, a table for four at 8 Em, no, thanks. I think we'll go straight to the table, By the way. may I check my overcoat here?
Certainly, sir. We'll keep it in the cloakroom for you. Here is your number. When you leave, show it to the waiter behind the counter, please.
Thank you. Could you show us to our table now? Would you please follow me, please?
Thank you. This is your table. It's Number 10.

Hello, ma’am. Can I help you? I’m looking for a sweater.
What size are you looking for?
Well, I’m looking for size 10 but you don’t have it.
How about this one? I think it looks terrific on you.
Yes, I like the color. Can I try it on?
Sure. The fitting room is on your right.
It fits well. I like it a lot. What do you think?
You look pretty in red.
Oh, it’s my favorite. How much is it?
$ 29.99.
Okay. I’ll take it. Thank you very much for your help.
You’re welcome.

Do you have any cars available?
We have only one mid-size car left.
Great, what's the rate per day?
It's 40 $ plus tax per day on limited mileage.
I'm going to need it for three days. Can I see your driver's license?
Sure, here is my driver's license.
Please sign here.

Are you ready to order? I think that we have a pretty good idea of what we would like to order.
Let me tell you about the specials of the day, which are chicken in a wine sauce with capers, and grilled garlic shrimp.
I was wondering if the chef could leave off the sauce.
The chef would be happy to accommodate your special requests.
I am a vegetarian. Do you have any vegetarian selections?
You could choose the roasted vegetable and garlic pizza or the goat cheese and candied walnut salad.
I think that we will split the roasted vegetable and garlic pizza.
That is a good selection, and I can bring your salads now or serve them with your entree.
You can bring us our salads when you bring us our entree.

I can't open this email attachment our Paris office has sent me. Are you sure you're using the right program?
Well, yes it's definitely the same program but I might have the wrong version. Their system is newer than ours.
That's why you can't open it. You'll have to upgrade before you can read the file.

What kind of character do you think you have?
Generally speaking, l am an open-minded person.
What is your strongest trait?
Cheerfulness and friendliness.
How would your friends or colleagues describe you?
They say Mr. Sun is a friendly, sensitive, caring and determined person.
What personality do you admire?
I admire a person who is honest, flexible and easy-going.
How do you get along with others?
I get on well with others.

Hi, I need to make an appointment to see the doctor.
What seems to be the problem?
I have a rash that I need a doctor to look at.
Do you have a fever with that rash?
No, it just itches a lot.
I have openings on Tuesday or Wednesday. Which would be best for you?
I need an appointment on Tuesday.
Fine, I am putting you down for 9
I would like to see Dr. Jones.
I can schedule you with him with no problem.
We look forward to seeing you.

Wow?! What's the hold up?
It’s probably just people trying to get an early start out of the city for the weekend. Nobody sticks around in the summer.
Really? Then, I guess I won’t have a hard time finding a room or getting a cab?
Actually, you might because there’s a big convention in town this weekend.
I’m not too worried about it. I always seem to find something.

Hello, how can I help you today?
I'd like to withdraw some money from my account.
Please fill out this slip stating how much you wish to withdraw.
Well, actually, it's quite a substantial amount. Here's my Bank Book. Will that cause a problem?
On your account there is no limit to over the counter withdrawals, it won't cause a problem.
Here's your money, 10,000 RIB. Please count it before you leave.
Yes, that seems to be all in order. Thanks very much.

Quality is very important to us. We work to very low tolerance levels. We need to have guaranteed supplies of consistently high quality raw materials. Over the years we've built up very good relationships with our suppliers.
Do you have many different suppliers?
Yes. There are about fifty names on our approved supplier list, but for raw materials we tend to deal with three local companies.

Mary, can you tell me how you keep in shape?
You'll never be in shape until you eat less and take more exercise. Now, tell me what you often eat.
I often eat fish and eggs. Do you eat a lot of vegetables?
Oh yes, and fruits. I love fruits very much.
What do you like to drink?
Well, I never drink alcohol, coffee or tea. Whatever would you like to drink?
I drink a lot of milk. I drink milk almost every day. How often do you exercise?
Well, I walk every day. It's a good diet and a regular exercise.
Yes, quite right.

I am sorry, but I cannot stay for the rest of class today.
Why do you need to leave early?
I don’t feel so good. What doesn’t feel right?
I feel as if I am going to be sick to my stomach.
Perhaps you should get checked out at the Student Health Center before you go home.
I have some medicine at home that I could take.
Are you going to be OK to drive home, or would you like someone to go with you?
Thank you, but my friend is in the library, and he can give me a ride home.
We hope that you are feeling better soon. E-mail me if you have any questions.

Your boyfriend is so considerate to you. When do you plan to marry?
It’s still up in the air. There is something wrong between us.

We're considering of ordering 200 computers, but I'm wondering about the price you'll possibly offer.
Our price will be not less than $ 5000.
Your price is higher than I expected. Could you give us a little discount?
This is already our best price. But the price is always negotiable and you should consider our quantity of order.
Well, what would you suggest? Could you make it $ 4500?
I'm afraid that there is no room to negotiate the price. This is the best price we can quote.
Can we meet each other half way?
What do you mean? Let's close the deal at $ 4800, OK?
You drive a hard bargain?! OK, that's a deal.

I'm now on the Songshan airport getting ready for departure. I realized that I might have left my watch.
Yes, Ma'am. May I have your name and room number?
My name is Terry. I stayed last night in your hotel in room 132. What kind of watch is it?
It's a brand-new Seiko wrist watch.
Yes, we have it.
Oh, I'm glad to hear that. Would you kindly send it to the Hilton Hotel?

What are your thoughts on the apartment?
I think that it’s absolutely gorgeous.
There aren’t any problems with the apartment?
I think that the apartment looks very nice, but I do see some problems.
What problems?
I did notice a few stains in the carpet.
We will have the carpet cleaned before you move in.
You will?
Yes, but other than that, are there any more problems?
That was the only thing that I saw that was wrong with the apartment.
I’m happy that you find this apartment so appealing.
It is. I love it.

That China-gown of Tang-Dynasty style is so beautiful. Would you show it to me, please?
Absolutely. Here it is.
Could I try it on?
Please do, the fitting-room is over there.
It feels a little tight around the waist. Do you have a bigger one?
I'm sorry. We don't have this color in your size. We have some green ones in your size. Would you please have a look at this green one?
OK. How much does it cost?
It's 486 yuan.
Mmm, it is reasonable.

Mrs. Wang, would you give us an idea of the price you regard as workable?
As I said before, your price is so high that we find it difficult to make a bid. We hope you will take the initiative and bridge the gap.
Just to comply, we're ready to reduce the price by 5 percent. I hope this concession of ours will get the ball rolling.
So do we. Certainly it's a step forward on your side. But the gap is still too wide.
The ball is in your court, Mrs.Wang. What price would you suggest?
To make your offer workable, I think you should take another step down as big as the one you've just taken.
That won't do. You see, our profit margin is very narrow. It simply can't stand such a big cut.
I hate to disappoint you, Mr. Brown, but if that's the case, we have no alternative but to cover our requirements elsewhere.
Do think it over, please. We sincerely hope our discussion will come to a successful conclusion.
Well, I'm not authorized to agree to such a big reduction. Would you mind waiting a day or two, until I get a reply from the home office?
Not at all. Shall we meet again, say, on Friday morning?
Good. Friday morning at 9.

Good morning. Good morning.This is Mary.Can I speak to Anne please?
I’m sorry She isn’t in at the moment. She will come back at half past nineCan I take a message for her?
Thank you.But I will call her later
OK.Goodbye.
Goodbye.

Hi, Jane. How are you doing this morning?
I’m all right, thanks. Just a little tired.
Late night?
Yeah, I got home around two.

We've been waiting here for nearly ten minutes now, and there still isn't a bus in sight. I'm afraid we'll be late for the party. Have you got the time, Tom?
Yes, my watch says a quarter to seven. but there is something wrong with my watch?!
But you bought it only last month.
Yes, but ever since I bought it, it gains about five minutes a day, so I' Ve got to have it repaired.
How long will it take us to get there?
I think about ten minutes by bus.
It's not far away, then. Let's walk, it's beginning to rain.
Wait?! I think I see a bus coming now.
Let's hope it's the No. 22 bus.

Hi, Mr. Smith. I'm Doctor Hawkins. Why are you here today?
I found it would be a good idea to get a check-up.
Yes, well, you haven't had one for 5 years. You should have one every year.
I know. I figure as long as there is nothing wrong, why go see the doctor?
Well, the best way to avoid serious illnesses is to find out about them early. So try to come at least once a year for your own good.
Ok. Let me see here. Your eyes and ears look fine. Take a deep breath, please. Do you smoke, Mr. Smith?
Yes.
Smoking is the leading cause of lung cancer and heart disease, you know. You really should quit.
I've tried hundreds of times, but I just can't seem to kick the habit.
Well, we have classes and some medications that might help. I'll give you more information before you leave.
Ok, thanks doctor.

Good afternoon. Mr. Tylor's office?
I'm afraid you've got the wrong extension.
I'm sorry, but could you please transfer this call to Mr. Tylor's office?
Sure, please hold on.
Thank you. Now Mr. Tylor's on the line. Go ahead, please.
You are so kind, you helped me a lot.
You are welcome. Bye?!

Good afternoon, Lexington Software. Angelina Dawson, how can I help?
Hello, this is Quinn from IBA.
Ah, hello Quinn. Oh dear, you are calling to tell me there is a problem, aren't you?
I'm afraid so, yes.
Hmm... well, it was my first attempt?! Is it a very big mistake, or can we just alter it?
Unfortunately it's rather a big mistake.
What do you recommend we do?
I would recommend we scrap this one and you bring in another set as soon as possible.
I trust your judgement. Thank you, Quinn. I'll be back tomorrow with a new set. Bye for now.

Oh?!?!?! I have a horrible toothache.
You should go to the dentist.
I hate dentists.
Well, suffer then. If you have a toothache, you have to go to the dentist. It always hurts.
I hate going.
Stop being such a baby. If it really hurts that much, just let them knock you out.
O. K., O. K., I’ll go.
Good. You'll feel better after you do.

Hi, I would like to purchase a one way ticket to Brussels, please.
Certainly sir, this is our train schedule. We have an express train departing every morning and an overnight train that departs at nine pm.
How long does it take to get there?
About twelve hours. We currently have tickets available only for first class on the express train. If you’d like, you can choose a sleeper on the overnight train which is a bit less expensive.
Yeah, I think that is the best option. Do you serve food on the train? Twelve hours is such a long time?!
Yes, of course. There is a dining car towards the front of the train where they serve meals at all times. We do provide complimentary water and coffee for all of our passengers.
Great?! I’ll take it. Here you are sir. Your train leaves from platform number nine at nine on the dot. Remember to be here at least thirty minutes before your scheduled departure time or else you might miss your train?!
I understand. Thank you very much?! Have a great trip.

I would like to take a trip to the beach this weekend.
A trip to the beach would be fun. How is the weather going to be?
The forecast says that it will be warm on the weekend.
So do you think it'll be perfect weather for the beach?
It sounds like it will be. I really hope it doesn't get cold. That would ruin things, I want to go so badly.
The weather in California is unpredictable, so you never know.
That is true. The weather is constantly changing. It would be nice if the weather would never change.
That would be great, then we could plan things sooner. True.
Predictable weather would make life easier.

Some companies use to ban dating among employees, but now they have realized it is something in avertable. People spend so much time at work. It is not surprising for one to have a crash on the other. If we think positively, office love can be beneficial to company.
Beneficial? I don’t think so. If two employees get married, they will leave at the same time for a honeymoon, or later one of them will stay at home taking care of babies. If they break up, the company will probably have to relocate one of them to make the workplace more comfortable. By any means, the company must spare extra efforts to solve problems brought by an office dating.
But if two employees are in love, they will be happy. Happy people are more productive. If they develop an intimate relation with each other, they are willing to share knowledge and experience. It can help to improve work efficiency.
I doubt that.

Do you eat a lot of healthy food?
Compared with healthy food, unhealthy food just tastes so much better. And anyway, I believe if you live a low stress Life and are active, you can get away with eating whatever you like. It's all in the mind.
You have the point. I think cancer is caused by more worry than by the things we consume. Some good things you should try are cranberry juice, wild rice and yoghurt.
What's special about these things?
Cranberry juice is very good for destroying harmful bacteria in your guts because it's very acidic. Wild rice is high in fibre so it's good for your guts and it's high in protein and minerals-I think it's also tastier than normal rice. Yoghurt's good because it's also rich in protein, vitamins and is also acidic. People have been making yoghurt for thousands of years and if you have it every day, your guts will be much more settled.
Thanks. I'm going to follow your advice and pop down to the supermarket right now.

I've been so tired recently. I've been trying, but I don't think I'm up to this job.
You need to take a break, maybe a vacation. Oh, yes, indeed. I've run out of steam.
To be honest, I want to be in a different environment.
Is that so?
Yes, I don't want to be stuck in a rut. I want to move on.
Have you decided?
Yes. I want to get a better job.
Could you tell me why you want to quit?
I quit just because of the dissatisfying salary and the trouble in getting along with my colleagues.
Oh, that's terrible. Do you want to get a higher salary in our company?
I'm afraid not. I've promised my girlfriend. We'll travel southwards to find a job that offers higher pay.
OK, I'd like to say that I've really enjoyed working with you. However, I think you should work harder for your new job and then you can ask for higher pay.
Thank you so much for your advice. And every best wish for your new job.
Thank you.

The train is leaving. Hurry up?! Which car are we in?
Let me see. Oh, No. 11. Here we are, Car 11. Let's get in.
Seats No. 20 and 21. It’s nice that we’Ve got a window seat.
Let's put our suitcases on the rack.
Oh, the baggage rack is full. Put them under the seat for the time being.
All right.

So, how should we get to the theatre? Let's take the bus.
I hate the bus system in London?! The bus drivers are rude, the buses are never on time, and there are few people around who can help you.
It's not that bad. You probably just had a bad experience once.
It wasn't just once. Every single time I take the bus, something bad happens to me or to someone else on the bus.
We could take the subway, but we'd have to go three stops along one line and then change trains twice. Train fares are twice as expensive as the bus fare, too.
If we don't hurry up, we'll miss the show. Should we take the bus?
We're already late, so I think we had better take a taxi.
I don't think we'll be able to find a taxi very easily during hush hours. Let's just take the bus.
Fine. Have a look at the timetable to find out when the next one arrives.
It looks like it should be here in just a few minutes. don't worry. Nothing bad will happen. I'll even buy your ticket for you.
Thanks, that was nice of you.
See, now something good has happened to you on a bus trip?!

Let's go over this plan again. From Vancouver, we bike along the border all the way to Winnipeg. And that is mostly flat, right?
Relatively, once we're out of Alberta, anyway. Then it's hills again in Aitoba.
And from Winnipeg we go around the lakes through Toronto, right?
That's right. And up in to Quebec. And that's where we stop.
It doesn't sound like that much when we go over the plan but that's a long, long ride. Are you ready for the cross country of a lifetime?

Good morning, sir. What can I do for you?
I'm Bill. I'm in Room 908. Can you change the room for me? It's too noisy. My wife was woken up several times by the noise the baggage elevator made. She said it was too much for her.
I'm awfully sorry, sir. I do apologize. Room 908 is at the end of the corridor. It's possible that the noise is heard early in the morning when all is quiet.
Anyhow, I'd like to change our room.
No problem, sir. We'll manage it, but we don't have any spare room today. Could you wait till tomorrow? The American People-to-people Education Delegation will be leaving tomorrow morning. There'll be some rooms for you to choose from.
All right. I hope we'll be able to enjoy our stay in a quiet suite tomorrow evening and have a sound sleep.
Be sure. I'll make a note of that. Everything will be taken care of. And if there is anything more you need, please let us know.

It's time for bed.
I'm not ready to go to sleep. I'm not tired.
It's quite late, and you have an early day tomorrow.
I'm not going to be able to fall asleep.
Why don't you try counting sheep?
I've tried that before. It really doesn't work.
That's beside the point, you still need to go to bed.
Why can't I just stay up until I fall asleep?
If I let you do that, then you're just going to be up all night.
I promise I'll go to sleep soon.
No, you're going to sleep now, so good night.
See you in the morning.

I see myself as being honest, diligent, persevering and creative. And I have a strong sense of responsibility.
How about your psychological resilience?
I think I can work well under pressure, if necessary.
How would you deal with those who are not easy to get along with?
I will just be sincere and friendly to others, and I believe they will treat me the same way.
You seem to be a kind-hearted lady.
Thank you. I simply believe the goodness of human nature.
Please tell me your weaknesses if you can.
I should admit that sometimes I care too much about the details. I am always in pursuit of perfection.

Karen? I need to go over a few things with you.
Certainly. Mr. Graham. When would you like to meet?
I was thinking about this afternoon, after the sales meeting.
Fine. At 3:30?

I believe we' Ve met before. My name's David.
Yes, at your company, I think. I'm Frank.
Oh, I remember now.Very nice to meet you again.
Nice meeting you, too.

I made my little brother cry.
Shame on you?!

I need some mascara. Do you have good thickening mascara?
Of course. Here is our thickening mascara. We also have mascara designed to lengthen the eyelashes.
Alright. And I want to consider your eye shadow too. Do you have a color chart can look at?
We have a very wide selection of colors. And our eye shadow is specially designed to moisturize the skin. So it is very gentle on your eyelids. Would you like to sample some?
Oh, sure I will need to clean off my own eye shadow first.
I can help you with that.
Thank you.

Is this the baggage claim area for flight KB256?
Yes, we are on the same plane.
But I am a transfer passenger. I have a connecting flight to Miami.
So you have to bring your baggage to the transfer check-in area.
Yes.It' s quite troublesome. Why not go and find a porter?

Billy, you don’t look too well. Maybe you should take the day off school.
But Mom?! Today we’re playing football?! I love football?!
You’Ve got a fever and playing football isn’t a good idea for a boy with a fever.
What’s that on your arm?
I don’t know. It was there when I woke up this morning.
It’s rash. I’d better take you to see the doctor.
How did you get that bruise on your leg?
I bashed it against the chair in my room.
Does it hurt?
A little, but not much. Here. Put this wet towel on your face to keep your temperature down. I’ll take you to the doctor’s after breakfast.
If I’m better this afternoon, can I go to school?
If you are better, but I doubt you will be.

This is your schedule.
You're going out of your way for us, I believe.
You are our honored guests.

Are there any vacancies still available?
Yes. We need a plumber here.
I am looking for a job that is more advanced than that, such as sales manager or regional manager.
I am sorry. They are not available now.

My name is Mary, and I will be your waitress tonight.
Thank you, Mary. We have been looking forward to trying out this restaurant.
Before your main course, would you like to order an appetizer?
Sure, that sounds great. Where are your appetizers listed?
There is a special appetizer menu right here in the center of the table.
The chicken and cheese quesadilla looks good. Is that pretty good?
You know, that is one of my favorites?!
OK, I'll take one order of that.
You could choose another appetizer for half price to share.
Perfect?! Please add on an order of onion rings.

I am waiting for a fax but just now I found there's something wrong with the fax machine.
What's wrong with the fax machine? Is it urgent?
Yes, very urgent. And there is no other fax machine around. And the office of our boss is closed, so I can not use his machine either. And his secretary is out. Do you have any suggestion?
Either call this extension number 0085 or ask them to send the fax to you as e-mail, you print it out.

I would like to speak to you, if you don’t mind.
What would you like to speak to me about?
I would like to talk to you about this year’s election.
Is that right? I am a volunteer for this year’s campaign.
That’s wonderful. I am impressed at someone so young taking a stand. I know history is about to be made, and I would like to be a part of it.
That’s fantastic. Are you planning on voting?
I’m going to vote. Go to your polling place early on Election Day.
I will.
Good luck with your volunteering.

We hope that there will be no repetition of this kind of trouble in the future.
Yes. I promise it will not happen again.
We look forward to your settlement at an early date.
We will inform you as soon as possible.

Hello, Steven. How do you get along with your job?
Actually, I learn many things from it. I find that I am a quick learner in new things.
Practice makes perfect. By the way, what do you learn from your job?
At first I didn't know anything about the machine. Now I know how to operate it. Besides, the work gives me a sense of fulfillment and achievement.
Yeah, you are a good learner. I must commend you for your good performance.
Thank you. That's a long way to go for my job.
I appreciate your effort very much. The coffee break is over ; it's about time we set to work.
OK, let's go.

Where on earth are we?
Judging by all the traffic, I'd say we're near the outskirts of the city.
What did I do wrong? Did I take a wrong turn?
I'm not sure, but I think you turned right when you should have turned left on the flyover bridge.
Well, now we should turn back a few kilometres. It seems that the traffic sign is much more important than the map.

Hello. Front desk.
Yes. This is Bob Robinson. I’m calling from room number 627.
Hi, Bob. What can I do for you? Is it possible to change to another room?
Could you please tell me why? My room is facing the swimming pool. It’s noisy for me. I have a problem sleeping. And I feel uncomfortable when I take an elevator.
So you need a quiet side room on the lower floor.
You’re right. Okay. Let me check for a room on the first floor.
Thank you.
I’Ve only two rooms on the first floor. How about room 108?
That’s fine. Can I move now?
Sure. I’ll send the bellman to help you.
Oh, thank you kindly.
You’re welcome.

How long will it take for our order to be delivered?
Let's see. You are importing fifty containers of textiles from China. They should be able to place your order before the end of next week. It will take 2 days for shipping to the port city of Ningpo. The freight will take 3 weeks on the open ocean and will arrive in Los Angeles approximately a month from today. Domestic shipping will be your responsibility, you can make arrangements with the pier in Los Angeles.
Fine, we will handle domestic shipping, but what about customs? Will we have to pay tariff on our imports?
I hope we don't run into any problems with the border control.
No, the Chinese company has that all worked out. With the paperwork you receive with the shipment, you should be good to go.

Now you're my boss, Mr. Henry. Do you have any other particular conditions that you would like the company to take into consideration?
No, nothing in particular. You may ask questions about us, if you have any.
All right. When can I start?

What are you doing here today?
I would like to fight my ticket.
Is the arresting officer in the courtroom today?
Yes, the officer is here today. What's your case?
I was pulled over for running a red light, but I never did.
Do you believe that the officer lied?
There was a camera on the signal. So, he was obviously lying.
Your license plate was caught on camera?
A picture of my license plate was never taken.
Since there is no picture of your license plate on record, I'm going to let you go.
Thank you. I'm glad that you believe me.

Hey Joe, what are you doing in this department store?
Hi, Rita, I'm just looking for a pair of shoes. I won't be here for long.
Why not? When I go shoe shopping, I have so many options for sneakers that I spend awhile looking at all of the choices.
That's my problem. I don't have a lot of options. What do you mean?
This is a big store, isn't it?
Yes, but I have unusually big feet. That wouldn't be too much of a problem except that they're also very wide, and only a few brands sell shoes that I can fit into.
So how do you usually go about buying shoes, then?
Well, first of all, I can only go to certain stores that can guarantee me a large selection.
Well, you're in the right store. If they don't have it, no one will.
After that I choose something from one of the few brands that I know will fit me. I prefer white, so I ask them to bring me a pair of white sneakers in my size. Since I’m usually only given one or two pairs of shoes that meet my qualifications, it makes it a very easy choice.

what shall we do after the volleyball match?
how about going to the Olympic souvenir store to have a look? I remember there is one in the gym.
that's a good idea. I was thinking of buying some gifts for my family. me, too.
What did you have in mind?
I haven't decided yet, but I think the Olympic Mascots are a must.
I agree. They're very lovely, especially " Huan Huan ".
is that the red one? That is my favorite, too. Do you know how much they are?
the five dolls are sold together as a set, and they're priced according to the size. The bigger they are the more expensive.
oh, I see. If I buy more than a set, can I get any discount?
I don't think so. All the souvenirs of the Olympic Games are very hot right now.
any other ideas?
there are lots of things, such as postcards, key chains, posters and various arts and crafts.
it all sounds great. We can go there after the match. I can't wait to see what they have.

Mom?! I hate eating vegetables?!
You don’t have to eat them. I don’t mind.
Thanks mom?! Can I have dessert now? I love chocolate cake?!
No dessert for you unless you eat all your vegetables.
But I don’t like them?! It’s not fair?!
You can have some fruit for dessert. If you eat an apple and a banana, I might let you have a small piece of chocolate cake.
Ok... actually, I don’t mind eating peas and carrots, buy I hate broccoli and cauliflower.
I’ll remember that for next time. You’ll get extra peas and carrots, buy no broccoli or cauliflower. OK?
Thanks mom?!

It was very kind of you to give me a tour of the place. It gave me a good idea of your product range.
It’s a pleasure to show our factory to our customers. What’s your general impression, may I ask?
Very impressive, indeed, especially the speed of your NW Model. That’s our latest development. A product with high performance.
We put it on the market just two months ago. The machine gives you an edge over your competitors, I guess.
Certainly. No one can match us as far as speed is concerned.
Could you give me some brochures for that machine? And the price if possible.
Right. Here is our sales catalog and literature.
Thank you. I think we may be able to work together in the future.

Is the factory fully-automated?
Not completely. Our production process is partially-automated. We use robots on the production line for routine assembly jobs but some of the work is still done manually.
What about supply of parts to the production line?
Well, the parts are automatically selected from the store room using a bar-code system. And there is an automatic feeder which takes them to the conveyor belt at the start of the production line.
What about the smaller components?
They're transported to the workstations on automated vehicles - robot trucks - which run on guide rails around the factory.

I'm glad you're on your ten-year reunion planning committee.
Yeah, you get the TV to yourself while I spend my nights surfing the Net for missing classmates. That's not why. This way I can see how you guys do this sort of thing.
I guess. Don't you have reunions in Taiwan?
Definitely. Every year. But just for our forty-person class. Ours are for everyone that graduated in the same year.

What does your job involve?
I'm the Project Manager so I have to make sure our projects run smoothly. I work with three Project Engineers. They take care of after-sales service and look after the maintenance side of the business.

How many languages can you speak?
Besides Chinese, I can speak English and French. You mean you can read and write both of them?
No, I can only carry on a simple conversation in French.
Can you read and write English well?
I can speak the language better than read and write.
Do you speak the language well enough to communicate with people of English-speaking countries?
I think so. I used to be an interpreter. Do you think your English is good enough to do desk work?
The amount of English I know enables me to do general desk work. I believe what I know is sufficient to work in an American firm.

What can I get for you? Here is the menu.
Let me have a look. Well, how many kinds of steaks do you have?
We have sirloin steaks, pepper steak, and filet steak.
Is there something go with the filet steak?
Yes, we have various sauces.
What about the gravy?

Are you ready to go shopping?
Just a minute. I need to make a list of thinks that we need.
Good idea. Have you written down potatoes, carrots, and onions?
I don’t have onions on my list. I’ll add them. We should get some tea. Is green tea ok or should we get the same tea that we usually get?
Let’s get both. We need some coffee too. Is that on your list?
Yes, it is. Here’s my list. Is there anything that I’Ve forgotten?
I think you’Ve got everything. I want to got some chocolate and some cheese.
What kind of cheese do you want.
I’m not sure. I’ll decide at the cheese counter, when I can see what they have.
Have we got enough money?
We don’t have enough cash, so I’ll take my credit card and we can pay with that.
Where are the car keys?
I’Ve got them there. Shall I drive?

Hello, can you tell me how to use the telephone?
If you want to order meals, call 8801.If you need other help, call 8803 and someone will be there.
Thank you so much. By the way, is there a mail service?
Yes, you can take your letters to the counter over there.

I am afraid that the fax machine in my room won’t be working till tomorrow. A technician has just come and checked it. He will bring me a new one tomorrow. It seems there is a big problem with mine and it will take some days for repairing. Can I use the one in your office?
Of course you can. I am sure this one works very well. I just sent dozens of pages. How many pages are you sending? Are you familiar with my fax machine?
Yes, I think you have the same model as I have.
Does your fax machine print out immediately a transmission protocol?
Yes, it will print immediately.

How many years have you done business with China?
Let me see, about five years, we established our business relationship with Hua Mei of China Import & Export Corporation in 2003.
Do you have any difficulties in doing business in China? You know the Chinese economic legislation is still incomplete?
I don't think I have any problem with our Chinese partners. They have always followed the contract strictly. We can do business directly with the corporation. As I mentioned before, the Chinese government is trying very hard to perfect its law. Its commercial legislation provides legal protection for foreign companies.
Well, it's known that the Sino-American relation is in a dilemma. Does it influence your business in China?
Actually not at present. But we are afraid it will. You know policies influence business to some extent.
I hope our government will not be influenced by some extremists. China is really a large market. We don't want to lose it.
Thank you.
You're welcome.

Give me a pack of first-class stamps, please.
Here you are. That will be five dollars. Anything else?
Yes. I want some post cards and some airmail stamps. I want to send some letters to South America.
Just a moment, I'll look up the rate for air-mail letters to South America.
Can you tell me how much it will cost to send a package to Colombia? Also, I what to know how long it will take.
Do you have the package with you? I would have to weigh it to see how much it would cost. Do you insure package?
Yes. All you have to do declare the value of the package and decide how much you want to insure it for.
Is there a way that I can be sure that the people in South america receive my package?
The post office rarely loses package. You can, however, request a rectum receipt.
One last question-what are your hours?
We open at eight-thirty in the morning and close at five-thirty in the afternoon.
Thank you, you helped me a lot.

Hello, thank you for taking the time to interview me.
Hi there, I’m Bill Gotcha, the owner of Gotcha Enterprises. Did you find your way here OK?
Your assistant gave wonderful directions.
Why are you switching jobs at this point in your career?
Our Company is moving overseas and I wish to stay in the United States.
What are you best at?
I am good at organizing systems that have been having problems.
What is your biggest challenge in terms of skills?
I don’t like to sit around and so like to always find things to do to keep myself busy.
That is good to hear?!

Good morning. SRC international. How may I help you?
Good morning. I'd like to speak to Peter. Chen Please.
Certainly. Who should I say is calling?
This is Tim. Hunter from Hunter industries.
And what is it regarding please?
We have an appointment for this afternoon. Mr. Chen will know why I'm calling.
Of course, Please hold the line Mr. Hunter.

Right, let me run through your options. You can go ahead and cash your undue Large-Amount Deposit Certificate if you really want to, but I'd recommend a Personal Durable Commodities Loan.
OK, what does that entail?
It's not too much trouble to do it this way and remember, your certificate is due in 2 months. If you can hold on to it, it'll be much better for your finances.
Yes, it does seem a little silly to cash it now. I'll probably need about 25,000 RIB. Will that be a problem?
Not at all, Mr Zu. As the certificate is due in 2 months, you can get the loan on mortgage of that certificate.
I'm glad you thought of this. I'd have just gone ahead and cashed it?! And I suppose I can use the money from the certificate to pay back this Personal Durable Commodities Loan and I won't lose any interest, right?
Exactly right. If you'd like to go ahead, I can process that for you now, Mr Zu.
Absolutely, Jenny. Thanks very much, I think you've saved me quite a lot of money today.

My aunt told me one of her secrets--cellophane tape. I just got it at the special health store. It's for my flabby arms.
Let me know how it works. I have to say, I have had enough of this roller coaster.
I know what you mean. I'm like a yo-yo. Last week I was down to 60 kilos. This week I had one donut more. Now I'm up to 62 kilos.

May I have a menu, please?
Of course. Could you tell me how this thing is cooked? Lobster?
It is steamed and served with our special sauce.
Is it good?
Sure. It is a most popular dish.
I think I will try some lobster, and give me some green salad together.

Can’t you come in and have tea now, Peter?
Not yet, I must water the garden first.
Do you have to water it now?
I’m afraid I must. Look at it?! It’s terribly dry.
What a nuisance?! Last summer it was very dry, too. Don’t you remember? I had to water it every day.
Well, I’ll have tea by myself.
That was quick?! Have you finished already? Yes, Look out of the window. It’s raining.
That means you needn’t water the garden.
That was a pleasant surprise. It means I can have tea, instead.

I'm broke, and I have to catch another bus.
Why don't you have any money for another bus?
I got hungry and bought some chips.
That was smart.
Anyway, do you have any change I can use for the bus?
I don't have any.
I don't know how I'm going to get home.
Get a transfer from the bus driver.
How much is a transfer?
It doesn't cost anything.
That's great?! Thanks for your help.
You know what? Don't mention it.

Hello, Anna. Come in and sit down.
Hello, doctor.
What's the matter? I've got a backache.
Do you often suffer from backache?
No, I don't. I've never had a bad one before. When did it start?
About four days ago.
Well, go home and rest in bed for two days, then you'll feel better. Can you give me some medicine? It's very painful.
Yes, I'll give you some pills. Take one a time and three times a day, and come back in three days. If you don't feel...

Welcome on board. May I see your boarding pass?
Here you are. Your seat is three, in the third row, near the window.
Thank you. Where can I put my suitcase?
Either in the overhead compartment or underneath the seat.
Everyone's attention, please. We are going to take off. Please fasten your belts.

Hello, madam. How do you like your staying here?
Quite good. Excuse me, are there any places of interest?
Yes, there are so many near our hoteI. Three blocks away from here, there is temple. It's famous for its building and paintings. lt' s worth visiting.
Thank you. I think today we will go there.

You're here to make a deposit, is that correct?
Right. I'd like to deposit 2,000 RIB into my Current Account.
No problem. Could I have the cash and your Bank Book, please?
Oh dear... there seems to be some problems here... What? What's wrong?
I'm sorry but 5 of these notes seem to be counterfeit. Look at this watermark, do you see it?
It does look a little strange, I didn't notice that before.

Hello, sir. Is there anything I can help you find?
Um... Uh... I'm just looking, thanks.
Need a gift for your girlfriend or wife...
No, no, no. I'm just browsing. Thanks anyway.
Well, if you need anything, just ask. Um... well, where's the men's shoe department?
It's on the third floor. Turn left when you get off the escalator.
Thanks.

An idea about killing time on a train?
I advise you to read Playboy.You can get a lot from it.
But there's quite a lot of rumors about it.
That's why it's interesting.

Have you brought the receipt with you?
No, I don't. I left it home.
Sorry, but we can't do anything without the receipt. Come back with it.
I didn't know. I'll go to get it. How late will you be open?
Till 5:30.

I haven't told you what happened yet, have I?
I haven't heard anything.
My boss offered me a promotion, and I took it.
Are you serious?
Yes, I am really excited.
That's great. Congratulations?!
Thank you.
Actually, I could not believe it at first. You know, there're so many outstanding people in our company. Many of them are qualified to fill that position.
Sure, but you really did great and outperformed the others. You deserved it?!
Thank you very much.

I like Chinese food.
I like Chinese food, too. I like dumplings best. At school, we sometimes have Chinese food for lunch.
That's good. We eat Chinese food only at the Chinese restaurant.
My mother can make some Chinese food.
Really? That's wonderful?!

OK. Come back into the classroom, class.
Does the class start again, Mam?
Yes, but to the heath, this break has last long enough.
Oh, breaktime flies. come on, baby. It’s time now.
Mam, another minute, could I?
Hurry up, little boy.

What's the actual flight time from here to San Francisco?
It's about twelve hours.
Can you tell me what time we're arriving?
Sure. Let me see... at 6:15 a. m. local time.
I see. And that'll be 10:15 p. m. Beijing time.

Excuse me, but I'm not feeling too well. I think I'm going to throw up.
There's an airsickness bag behind the seat that's in front of you.
I must've missed it. Is this your first time flying?
Yes. I'm going to San Francisco.
Oh, it's a beautiful city. I think you'll like it.
Hey, I'm feeling much better already.
Sometimes if you don't think about it, that sick feeling will go away on its own.
Thanks.
By the way, my name is Mary.
I'm Frank. Nice to meet you.

Welcome to Al's Bakery. What can I get you?
Hi?! Let me get a dozen croissants, four blueberry muffins and a loaf of sourdough bread.
Sure. Would you like to have the loaf sliced?
No, that's OK. Do you have any whole wheat bread?
We are out at the moment. May I suggest some rye bread?
Sure that sounds good. Do you have any cakes?
We have various birthday cakes and also ice cream cakes.
I'll just take a cheesecake.
Will that be all?
Yes.
Your total is forty three dollars and twenty cents.
You got it.

Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, we are happy you have all come out for our training workshop. Today we have a great line-up of speakers to talk to you. First on our program is a well-renown expert in the field of international economic development, Harvard's own Dr. James Smith. Dr. Smith has been involved in economic research for over twenty years, and has taught at Harvard since 1995. And now, without further adieu, we'd like to welcome Mr. James Smith.
Thank you, Mr. Jackson, ladies and gentlemen, colleagues, friends. The subject of my talk is international relations in a morgen world. I plan to say a few words about the current situation in the Middle East and how it affects world economy. I'd like to give you an overview of the way that the economies of seemingly unrelated countries are intertwined. I've divided my talk into three parts, first an overview of international relations, second a discussion of current political situations, and lastly trends for the future. My presentation will take about two hours, but there will be a twenty-minute break in the middle. We'll stop for lunch at 12.

You're looking rather pale, why?
I couldn't sleep well recently.
You'd get plenty of sleep for you work so hard.
I always drink too much wine in the evening.
You shan't drink more wine in the evening.
Yes, you are right.
And you'd take some exercise every day.
Many thanks for your advice.

Hello Mrs Parker, how have you been?
Hello Dr Peters. Just fine thank you. Ricky and I are here for his vaccines.
Very well. Let's see, according to his vaccination record, Ricky has received his Polio, Tetanus and Hepatitis B shots. He is 14 months old, so he is due for Hepatitis A, Chickenpox and Measles shots.
What about Rubella and Mumps?
Well, I can only give him these for now, and after a couple of weeks I can administer the rest.
OK, great. Doctor, I think I also may need a Tetanus booster. Last time I got it was maybe fifteen years ago?!
We will check our records and I'll have the nurse administer and the booster as well. Now, please hold Ricky's arm tight, this may sting a little.

I’m interested in teaching at your school.
Great. Are you a qualified teacher?
Yes.
What kind of teaching certificate do you have?
I have a TEFL certificate.
How many years of experience do you have?
I have three years of teaching ESL and four years of teaching per-school children.
When did you get your TEFL certificate?
I got my TEFL certificate three years ago.
Why do you want to teach at our school?
Well, I’Ve heard many good things about it. I also like teaching young children.
That’s great. Can you speak Chinese?
Yes, just a little.
Can you come in for an interview tomorrow at 10:00?
I sure can.
Great. See you then.

Why is the car before us stopping?
What's going on? Look. Two cars are standing right in the middle of the road and the drivers are shouting rude words to each other.
That's why that car stops.
More and more people easily get irritated while driving.
Yes. This is what is called road rage.

This is today’s schedule. At 8 thirty AM, conference with the department managers. At 9 o’clock, live for the workshop where you’ll award prizes to the staff for preventatives.
That’s great. What are the prizes?
3000 RIB as bonus for each person. To encourage the staff increases.
Ok. Next thing is laying the corner-stone for the new plant at 10 AM. At 12 AM, back here for lunch. What about the afternoon? At 2 PM, give a presentation here with the press. At four o’clock sharp, have dinner with Mr. Smith, manager of NCC.

This is Lincoln Bank, Consumer Credit Department. How can I help you?
Ah, hello. I'm calling to find out how I apply for a car loan.
We offer a Personal Automobile Consumer Loan. The application process is pretty straight forward. I trust you have enough funds to cover the 20 % down payment?
Yes, I do. It's ready and waiting in my account.
The next step is for us to recommend a dealer to you, who are already contracted to us, so...
Could I just stop you there? Sorry to interrupt, but I have already been to your appointed dealer and selected the car I want.
That will certainly cut down the processing time. We can move on to the next step. Do you have the purchase price?
Yes, it's 110,000 RIB. So, with the down payment done, I will need to borrow 70,000 RIB.
What we need you to do next is to come into the branch with a correctly filled in application form, ID card, proof of residency, proof of income, the agreement from the agent and of course the 20 % down payment.
Yes, I have everything here.
OK, I'll come in and see you later today. Maybe I could have my new car as early as next week?! How exciting?!

Hi, my name is Tom.
Tom, the new sales representative? Nice to meet you?! I'm Melinda.
Nice to meet you too.Melinda. Now let me show you around. This is our reception area, and our conference room is right over there. Over here is the sales department.
Really? This is a nice office, but it's quite small.
Yeah... You can make photocopies and send faxes over there.
It looks like you guys work hard.
I tell you what just between you and me, we just mess things up so that it looks like we work hard.Just kidding.
Oh, your cubicle is over the. And this way. Those are all private offices the managers offices.
Hmm... Tell me more details about our jobs.
Sure thing.

What do you think of our price? Your price has gone up sharply, hasn't it?
Yes. We regret we cannot maintain our original price. Since the prices of the raw materials have been raised, we have to adjust the price of our products accordingly.
I agree with you there, but your price is unreasonable.
I don't think so. You must compare our price with that of other export houses. I'm sure our offer is in line with the prevailing market price level.
I don't think we'll be able to pay the price.
To have this business concluded, you need to lower your price at least by 3 %.
I’m afraid that there is no room for any reduction in price.
Don't you agree with me that in the long run, moderate prices will bring about large sales and more profit?
We've already cut down our price to cost level.
Is that all?
Yes, this is the best we can do.
I'm sorry we can't handle the price you offered.

So, Jimmy, how does it feel to have your own money?
It’s great, dad. I don’t mind delivering papers, but the real fun is collecting the money.
Even though you are only twelve, it’s not too early to start saving a little money.
I’Ve never had a bank account before. Why don’t I just keep my money under the matters like grandpa does?
You know you would spend it. And also, money in the bank earns interest.
But what if I need my money suddenly?
The bank will give you a PIN, and you can withdraw money from any ATM.
Great?! So it’s almost the same as keeping it under the matters?!
Not quite. You have to maintain a minimum balance of twenty dollars. And sometimes the bank has service charges. But you don’t have to worry about that yet. Let’s go make your first depot OK.
Guess I have to do that before. I can make money my first withdrawal.

Is this where I can catch a bus to the theater?
Yes, but you can't get there with out a change.
Which bus do I have to change?
You have to get off at the hospital and change for bus 15.
I see. Thank you.

Here we are, Joan. This is the Palace museum, also known as the Forbidden city.
Oh, how splendid?! Can you take a picture of me here?
Sure.

Excuse me. I'm afraid I got lost. Where am I on this map?
We are here, bus station, we are in the heart of the city.
Oh?! Can I go from here to the Zhongshan Park?
Head straight up the street about two blocks then turn right.

Tony, could you tell me if there are any special rules about the job?
Working hours are from 8: 30 a. m. to 5:00 p. m. Be sure not to be late or absent. Report to the manager by filling in the' Monthly Report' every month.
Is there anything else? How about my salary?
Our company has a strict and reasonable salary standard. On the 20th day of every month, you can get your salary on time. Benefits depend upon the length of service and the employee's past attendance record.
Wow, thank you for telling me these. Do you mind telling me something else, like attendance record, holiday, and how to ask for leave?
All new members are likely to ask the same questions. Haha.
I can understand that. Every month you have three days off, besides the weekends and some important holidays. After you've been here for a year, you qualify for a one-week vacation. The leave less than a half-day should predict for an hour, and more than a half-day should predict three days.
Okay, that's good. I get it.

Kate, you never believe what's happened.
What do you mean?
Masha and Hero are getting divorced.
You are kidding. What happened?
Well, I don't really know, but I heard that they are having a separation for 2 months, and filed for divorce.
That's really surprising. I always thought they are well matched.
What about the kids? Who get custody?
Masha, it seems quiet and makable, no quarrelling about who get the house and stock and then contesting the divorce with other details worked out.
That's the change from all the back stepping we usually hear about.
Well, I still can't believe it, Masha and Hero, the perfect couple.
When would they divorce be final?
Early in the New Year I guess.

Overseas operator. I would like to make a collect call to Taipei, Taiwan, please.
Your name, please.
Tim Chen.
What's the number, please.
The area code is 2, and the number is 2367-9960.
The line is connected. Please go ahead.

Hello. Excuse me.
Yes. Can I help you? Do you remember me? I just had lunch here a half hour ago.
Of course I remember you.
I think I lost my wallet here.
Oh, no. Really? I didn't see anything.
Really? You didn't find a wallet?
No, I didn't.
Would you like to go look by the table with me?
Yes, I would.
It's not here. And it's not on the floor.Has anyone sat at this table since we left?
No. It's been empty the whole time.
Hmm. I don't know how it could have happened.
I remember, sir, that your friend took the bill.You didn't pay for the lunch yourself, did you?
No. My friend did.
Then are you sure you took your wallet out of your pocket while you were here?
No, I'm not sure. But I usually take out my wallet when I sit down.It' s uncomfortable to sit on it. So I usually put it next to me on the table.
Maybe you lost it before you came here. Or maybe you left it at home.
I don't think it's at home. I think I had it when I left the house.But what should I do?
Well, the first thing you should do is make sure it's not at home.Then, if it isn't, you need to call your credit card companies and cancel your cards. Next, you need to replace whatever you lost, your driver's license, things like that.
Should I call the police?
You can if you want. But the police usually don't do anything about lost wallets.
Hmm. I'll go home and check. Maybe you're right. Maybe it's at home.
I'm sorry we couldn't find it, sir.
Thanks for your help.

Good morning, young lady. You can call me Ma. Do you see anything you like?
Yes. Many things?! I especially love this beautiful quilt.
That quilt was passed down to me from my ma in Holland.
It sounds like a special quilt. Why do you want to sell it?
Well, this home is too big for me now, so I'm moving to an apartment that is much smaller. Therefore, I need to part with a few things.
Oh, I see. Umm, how much do you want for the quilt?
Is fifteen dollars OK?

Have you got change for a thousand?
Let me see.

May I come in, Mr Sun?
I’d rather you didn’t, Miss Yang. I’m very busy now.
Can I try later then?
Yes, of course.
Is it all right for me to come in now, Mr Sun?
Well, uh... I’m still pretty busy, but... all right. Come in.
What can I do for you?
Do you mind if I sit down?
Not at all. Take a seat. Now what can I do for you?
I want to leave the department. Do you think I could put info a transfer?
Yes.
But why should you want to do that?
Do you mind if I speak frankly?
Not at all. Go ahead.
Well. You see, I don’t like the office. I don’t like the staff. And I’m afraid of you. And I don’t want to go one. So may I put info a transfer?
Yes. I’d be delighted if you did.

Where is that? Take me to the airport, please.
Are you in a hurry?
I have to be there before 17 o'clock.
We'll make it except a jam. You know it's rush hour.
There's an extra ten in it for you if you can get me there on time.
I'll do my best.
Here's twenty dollars. Do you have small bills?
No. If you can't break it, keep the change. But can you give me a receipt?
Here is your receipt.
Thank you.

Recently I have been getting headache and my eyes don't seems to see focus properly.
When did you last time have your eyes checked?
Two years ago. At that time I had no problems.Now I can’t even make out something ten meters away.
Come over here. I will test your eyes. First cover your left eye like this, and when I point, please read the chart from the top, and go as far as you can, telling me which way the “ E ” points.
All right. Good.Now the other eye. Well, this one is worse.
Never mind, just read as far as you can.
I can only read the first three lines.

Is there a car park near the supermarket?
Yes, there is an underground car park near the supermarket.
I see. Thanks.

Oh, come on, Ultraman?! What's up, Bro? What's in the bulletin?
It says that there will be a blackout from 5 p. m. to 7 p. m. in our neighborhood today.
Blackout? Even the TV has the limit. Don't you know you will look like a monster in the blackout?
Oops, no, Daddy can't watch American Idol, either?! That's not the point.
Come on, can you imagine that there will be no electricity on such a hot day? Oh, my god?! No air-conditioner?!
OK, since you are the smart one, can you come up with a better plan? So that we won't be baked like cookies here.
How about playing Barbie out there in the neighborhood?
Barbie? You know, I might be seven, but I'm not a girl.
Do you have a better plan?
All right, all right.

Yes, ma'am, how could I help you?
I am wondering if you do facial care?
Yes, we do.
How much would it be?
From 200 to 800.
I'm afraid 800 is too expensive for me. Could you recommend something around 300?
No problem.

Can I help you, Miss?
I would like to order 2 office-style cabinets and desk calendars. We want office-style cabinets in white. The catalogue number is 90-f-2356.
How soon do you want it?
Could you deliver it tomorrow?
No problem. Please handle the items carefully.
Certainly.
We will pay by collect on delivery.

I hate to do this to you, Alice, but I’m going to have to ask you to put in some more overtime.
Does it have to be this afternoon, Mr. Fairbanks? I’Ve already made plans.
Well, I would have preferred to do it today, but if you’Ve already made plans, we can do it tomorrow.
I’d appreciate that, sir. How long do you think you’ll need me to stay?

What’s your attitude when do wrong things at work?
The buck stops here.

Hello?! Is your company advertising for administrative assistant on the newspapers?
Well, Administrative assistant with shorthand and typing skills are badly needed here.
First I want to check about the availability and see if you could give me more information.
The position calls for a person with some working experience. We must be able to benefit from your analytical and interpersonal skills. Can you deliver your resume to us first?
Of course. I will deliver my resume to you in minutes' time. I hope you will consider my application and I shall appreciate a reply at your earliest convenience.
OK. I will call you soon. Bye now.
Bye.

Just as the saying goes, every potter praises his own pot. You should pay special attention to selling yourself properly in the interview. It is especially important for the graduates who step into the job market for the first time. You'd better prepare what you are going to say in advance, in order to have a good performance in the interview. The contents should be mainly descriptions of your background. And the length depends on the particular situation. Only when you are aware of what the interviewer will be interested in, can you make a targeted preparation. To sell yourself successfully, you should leave the interviewer a deep impression. Selling yourself should go straight to the point, and the statement should be clear and brief. It should also be truthful and realistic. Do not blindly blow your own horn. You should particularly state your strong points which are closely related to the position you are applying for. While you should not omit your weak points, they need to be described appropriately Time permitted, you could add certain examples to your description. Besides, in the interview, it is best that you make corresponding adjustments to apply your prepared contents flexibly.

Hello?
Hi, Deborah?! This is John. I'm calling from Australia.
What are you doing in Australia?
I'm attending a conference in Sydney this week. Remember?
Oh, right. What time is it there?
It's 10:00 P. M. And it's four o'clock in Los Angeles, right?
Yes - four o'clock in the morning.
4:00 A. M.? I'm really sorry.
That's OK. I'm awake now.

John hasn't turned up and Stefan is ill. Do we have anyone on stand-by?
I'm afraid not, we're very short-staffed at the moment.
Can you ask the shift supervisor to ask one of his team to do some overtime?
Perhaps Tommy can stand in for an hour or two until we find a replacement.

Jack, let’s go?! Oh, you are out of breath?! What happened?
Some people are wildly shooting on the next street. We must leave here as soon as possible?!
Take it easy. They will get caught.

Hello. May I speak to Jerry, please?
Sorry, but he is out for lunch right now.
I see. Can you give me some idea how long he'll be back?
I think he will be back around 2:00. If you like, please leave your name and phone number, I'll have him call you as soon as he comes back.
That's nice. My name is Steven, my phone number is 6789777.
Okay, I'll be waiting for his call. Thank you and bye?!
My pleasure, bye?!

Excuse me, Miss. What can I do for you?
I've just heard an announcement that my flight has been delayed.
What's your flight number?
Flight CA216 to Chengdu.
Yes, it's true. It has been delayed.
Could you please tell me why?
Yes, of course. The delay is due to heavy rain.
How long will the delay be? Do you have any further information about it?
I am sorry, we don't know the extent of the delay at present. But according to the latest weather forecast, there will be a change in weather soon. We have to wait.
Well, is it possible for the rain to stop before noon?
It's hard to say. Weather is so changeable in the summer. Please listen to the latest announcement about your flight.
Yes, I will. Thanks a lot. Bye?!
Bye

What are we going to do? I can't get the car out of this ditch. I'm stuck?!
I'm worried, Tom. I haven't seen any other cars for almost an hour.
I know. This is terrible. What can we do? This snow doesn't stop falling?!
I told you we should have stayed in town today.The weather report said 100 percent chance of snow.Why did you want to come up here?
I wanted to show you the cabin. We only had another half-hour to go.
Well, now we're stuck. What can we do?
I don't know. I've heard that when this happens, it's important to save energy.
What do you mean? We're stranded here, Tom. We may be here a long time.We need to conserve the gas in the car. The car's energy is what will keep us warm.
I have plenty of gas.
Yes, but the gas and the battery both have to stay working.We can't just let the car run and run.If we do, it will die soon. Then we'll freeze.
So what can we do?
Turn the lights off.Then, run the car and the heater only about fifteen minutes every hour.That will conserve the heat as long as possible.
Alright. That's a good idea. I wish we hadn't come up here. Now we'll probably be here for days.
Days?
Yes, it happens.That is what happens in big snowstorms. People get stranded for days.
Oh, my God?! It's good we have food. Probably we'll survive.But turn the car off for about forty-five minutes. Then we'll turn it on again.

Hey, buddy, can’t you see there’s a line?
Oh, sorry. I didn’t know.
What? You haven’t taken the bus before?
No, I’m afraid not.
Well, you have to wait in line like everyone else. Besides, you should let old people on first.
Sorry.
It’s all right. Where are you going?
I wanted to see the White House.
Oh, well you don’t want this bus, anyway. It goes to Georgetown.
Oh, no. It’s all right, though. Just get off at the next stop and catch the 79A.
Oh, well thank you very much.
You’re welcome.

Can I help you?
I'd like the double cheese burger meal, please.
What kind of drink would you like with that?
Just coke will be fine.
Would you like a super size meal? Only 2 RIB more, you'll get large coke and fries instead of medium. And today we are offering free toys all the meal boxes.
That sounds good, thanks, I'd like that. Actually I'd like sprite instead of coke, thanks.
That's not a problem, Miss. Will that be it?
Yes, that's all. That will be 25RMB, please
You got it.

Do you have any night tours?
Yes, we will depart in 10 minutes.
Is that a guided tour?
Yes, it is.
That's fine. Let's get on the bus.

I am sure we will make it up as soon as possible.
That's nice. We hope this matter will not affect our good relations in our future dealings.
Of course not. We have cooperated for a long time.

I would like to purchase some meat.
What kind of meat would you like to get today?
First off, I'm going to need a pound of ground beef.
A pound of ground beef is $ 2.48.
That's perfect. What else will you be needing?
I'm also going to need three pounds of chicken breasts.
The chicken breasts cost $ 4.05 per pound. What's the total price for the chicken?
It's going to be $ 12.15.
Okay, I think that will be all for me today.

I think you know already that I want to discuss the represent - ton for your alarm clocks.
Yes, Mr. Bergeron. You mentioned that in your letter.
To tell you the truth, your proposal surprised us.
Is that so?
Anyhow I want to go over the details with you in person, so you can give my suggestion thorough consideration.
Our firm specializes in this line of business. We have six sales representatives, who are on the road all the time, covering the whole of the European market.
Do you sell direct to shops?
Yes, we specialize in handling clocks and watches of all sorts. We have well established channels of distribution and we canvass the retailers direct, without any middlemen.
Do you keep a stock of these things?
In some cases, such as the wristwatches, which always have a steady market, we keep a stock in London and act as distributors as well as agents. Generally, however, we pass on the orders of our clients to the manufacturers for supply. We are paid for our service, of course.
That is, your commission.
Yes, our commission is very reasonable. We usually get a 10 % commission of the amount on every deal. Our agents in other areas usually get a 3-5 % commission. The European market is not familiar with your products. You have competitors from Japan and other continental countries. At the beginning of our campaign, there is sales resistance to overcome, we must send out salesmen to do a lot of traveling and spend a considerable amount of money on advertising in news - papers and TV programs. A 10 % commission will not leave us much.
According to your estimate, what is the maximum annual turn - over you can fulfill, in round figures, of course?
We will always do our utmost to enlarge the business, as our remuneration increases with the turnover, but we will not guar - ante anything, at least not to begin with.
We appreciate very much your intention to push the sale of our products. But our suggestion to you, Mr. Bergeron, as a preliminary step, is to do a little research into the market...
Do you mean to say you refuse us the agency?
Mr. Bergeron, you leave us no alternative. We can not give you an exclusive agency of the whole European market without having the slightest idea of your possible annual marketing turnover. Besides our price is worked out according to the costing. A 10 % commission means an increase in our price. We must have the reaction of the buyers in this respect.
Oh, that's just too bad. I intended to make great efforts in selling your products.
Well, we can still carry on our business relationship without the agreement. To start the ball rolling, we will provide you with price lists, catalogues and some samples. Only when you have a thorough knowledge of the marketing possibilities of our products, can we then discuss further details.
Ah, Mrs. Miller, but in this case am I covered?
Oh, yes. We will give you a 5 % commission on every transaction.
All right, but I'll be back again for the Autumn Fair. And then I hope we can see eye to eye about our commission and the terms of the agency.
Very good. We will discuss the matter again at the next Fair.

Excuse me, I’m sorry to trouble you. My name is Susan Ransom, and I have placed several orders with you company.
Yes, Mr. Ransom? This is Karl Miller. How may I help you?
Well, I wonder if you could track an order I placed with you last month. It hasn’t arrived yet.
Certainly, Ms. Ransom. Do you have an order number?

Have you worked out the offers. Mr. Thou?
Yes, we have. Here's our CIF quotation sheet. Please have a careful look.
Are the prices on the list firm offers?
Yes. All the quotations on the list are subject to our final confirmation.
I wonder whether there are any changes in your prices.
All these products are our best-selling lines. The prices of our products will change according to that of the international market demand. And we are always open to negotiate, especially on larger orders.
What do you have in mind?
How long does your offer remain valid?
I need some time to get my supervisors on board with this plan.
I understand. Our offer remains open for 4 days.

Hello sir, may I help you?
Yeah, I accidentally dropped my phone in the toilet.
I see. Well, you have come to the right place. We have over one hundred models of more than twenty leading mobile phone manufacturers.
Sounds good. I don’t want it to be too expensive, maybe something mid-range.
We have this new ETC smart phone.It comes with the Android OS so you can download applications. It also has a built-in camera, mp3 player and touch screen. It works on the 3G network so you have fast access to the internet wherever you are.
What about Wi-fi?
Of course?! You can access the internet from any hotspot as well as from home.
One last thing. Is it waterproof?

We have been over this a hundred times?! We are not getting a pet?!
Why not? Come on?! Just a cute little puppy or a kitty?!
Who is going to look after a dog or a cat?
I will?! I’ll feed it, bathe it and walk it every day?! We can get a Labrador or a German Shepard?!
What if we want to take a vacation? Who will we leave it with? Plus, our apartment is too small for that breed of dog.
Ok. How about we get a cat or a ferret?
We’re planning on having children soon, I don’t think those animals are a good idea with a baby in the house.
Fine?! Let’s get a bird then?! We can keep it in its cage and teach it to talk?! A parrot would be awesome?!
I’ll tell you what, I can get you some hamsters and we’ll take it from there.
Yay?!

Good evening, Mr. Lee and thank you for choosing our airline. We have just discovered that this flight is overbooked. Would you like to volunteer to give up your seat?
Overbooked? Give up my seat? I don’t understand.
From time to time we have a situation in which there are more passengers than there are seats on the aircraft. That’s overbooked.
I know what overbooked is, I just don’t understand how that could happen?
Actually it’s a common practice to overbook, as passengers often don’t take their flight as scheduled. Most of the time there is no problem but today, more passengers arrived than we have seats,
So who has to stay behind?
Well, first we ask for volunteers. If someone like yourself volunteers, they receive a free round trip ticket to be used within one year. If no one volunteers we just have to select someone.
Ok. I’ll volunteer. I could use a free ticket?!

I want to rent this apartment.
I’m glad to hear that. How much are you asking?
You will have to pay $ 1050 every month.
I can’t afford that. What can you afford?
I was thinking $ 800 a month.
I’ll need you to pay more than that. How much more?
How does $ 900 every month sound to you?
I can live with that. We have a deal then.

Good morning, Miss Monica. Nice to meet you again?!
Good morning, Mr. Thomas, it is nice to see you too. After the internal discussion, we have all agreed that you are the most suitable person for this position among all the candidates. So, today let’s talk about your expected salary and social benefits. What is your expected salary?
I’Ve worked in the field for more than 4 years. Depend on my work qualifications and experience, I would like to have 5000 Yuan to start.
The basic salary for your position in our company would be 4800 Yuan to start with increases giving according to your performance.
It is a bit lower than I expected. But I can accept that.
What are the working hours?
40 hours a week, Monday to Friday, 9 AM to 5 PM with one hour lunch break every day..
Do I have to work on weekend? If so, how do you pay for the overtime?
We do expect overtime work when it is necessary, but we pay twice of the work hour for working on weekends and three times for working on national holidays like Spring Festival and the Mid-Autumn Day.
Is there probation?
No probation is involved. If you feel good, you can start next week.

Welcome to the McDonald's. What will it be for you, madam?
One Big Mac and French Fries.
Is there anything else?
Give me one coke, please.
Is this to go or to eat here?
To go, please.
That comes to four dollars and ten cents.
And can I have some ketchup, please?
It's on the service counter over there. Please go to help yourself.

What's the name of this street?
University Street.
Do you know of any banks near here?
You'll see one at the corner on your right.

Hey there, you look a little lost. Are you new here?
Yeah how’d you know?
You can always spot the newbies. I can give you a few pointers if you want. Were you trying to use this machine here?
Yeah?! I just started my training today and I’m not really sure where to begin.
It’s ok, I know how it is. This machine here will work out your upper body, mainly your triceps and biceps. Are you looking to develop strength or muscle tone and definition?
Well, I don’t want to be ripped like you?! I just want a good physique with weights and Carpio.
In that case you want to work with less weight. You can start off by working ten to fifteen reps in four sets. Five kilo weights should be enough. Now it’s very important that you stretch before pumping iron or you might pull a muscle.
Got it?!
Wow is that the weight you are lifting? My goodness that’s a lot of weight?!
It’s not that much. Just watch... I’m ok...

Excuse me.Could you tell me how to return to the Hilton Hotel? I am afraid I lost my way.
Do you have a hotel card or something? Let's see.Yes, I have the address and telephone number here.
Oh, you're staying at the downtown Hilton.Then, you go down two blocks this way and turn left.You' ll find it on the right.
Well, I don't understand it very well.Will you draw me a map?

Excuse me, but could you tell me the way to the railway station?
The railway station? Just go down this street and turn left at the second corner. The station is at the end of that street.
How long will it take me to get there?
It's about a ten-minute walk.
That's very clear. I think I can find my way now. Thank you.
Not at all.

How does the political system work in your country?
We have hundreds of constituencies and the voters in each one elect a member of parliament. Most people call them mp’s.
Each mp belongs to a political party, right?
Almost all of them do. A few are independent. That means that they do not belong to a party.
If one party more than half of the mp’s. they form a government. That means that they choose a prime Finist
What’s a cabinet?
This is a small group of people-perhaps 25 mp’s who are usually ministers. They make all the big decision and discuss laws and policy.
Can any mp make a law?
Any mp can present a law to parliament. The proposed law is debated and voted on. If it is accepted, it becomes law.
I suppose a proposed a law needs the support of the big political parties.
Yes, it does, because they have most of the mp’s. most mp’s vote the way their party wants them to.
How do people choose which party or candidate to vote for?
They produce manifesto. These documents which states their policies. Some people just vote for the same party every time there is an election. Voters who often change the party they vote for are Calle

How was your interview?
Pretty good. The HR manager asked me the usual questions. Then he wondered why I had decided to leave my previous job.
What did you say?
I told him that I hadn’t got a raise for three years. I also told him that one of my best co-workers quitted her job because she had not been promoted for eight years.
Did he want to know the reasons?
Yes. I told him that my boss made some excuses of the recession. But I thought he had a pattern and a record of promoting men only. That’s sex discrimination.
When will you get the reply?
In a couple of days, I was told.
Wish you good luck?!
Thank you.

What qualities do you think a senior executive should possess?
Generally speaking, he needs creativity, the ability to communicate, sense of personal responsibilities, the ability to solve problems and so on.
Do you have all these qualities?
Yes, I have all of them. I am totally competent to be a senior executive.

Hi. I need more amenities, please.
Could you be a little more specific, sir?
Well, to be more specific, the free stuff, like soap, lotion, and shampoo.
I understand. Now, you're saying that you've already used up all your amenities?
Oh, no?! I've got all I need for my stay here.
So, what's the problem?
I need souvenirs?!
You want some souvenirs?!
Yes, yes. Souvenirs.
But, sir, our souvenir shop carries all those items.
That's not the same thing. If you buy hotel souvenirs, they have no sentimental value.
I understand, sir. I'll call housekeeping. You'll have your souvenirs shortly.

Hello, may I help you?
Yes.We' re interested in seeing the rooms for rent.
Oh, how nice.They' re bright rooms and the house is very quiet.
A nice quiet house is exactly what we're looking for.
Well, gentleman.Each room is $ 40 a week if you think that's OK.
That sounds just wonderful to us. When do you want to move in?
How about this afternoon?
Fine. I'll be expecting you around two.

Are you ready to order? May I suggest a veal?
No, I'll have the fish please.
The chicken is also nice.
No, I want the fish.
Our special tonight is lobster.
Thank you, but I prefer the fish.
Perhaps you'd enjoy the lamb.
No, I like the fish.
What ever you say?

Am I ever hungry? When will supper be ready?
It's almost ready. Can you set the table?
All right. Want to taste this dish?
Yeah. Oh, it's delicious?! Really?
Definitely. It's a wonderful meal.
Thank you, Honey. If you like to help me do the dishes, I'll be more dreadful.
I wish I could, but I won't.

Good morning, Kate. Long time no see.
Good morning, Vera, Nice to meet you.
Kate, I know you’Ve been a stewardess for more than one year. And I’ll have an interview on stewardess tomorrow. Can you tell me some etiquette about the interview?
Of course. First you should do up your long hair and do make up but not too thick.
Is there anything else I should pay attention to?
Yes, when you attend the interview, you should pay attention to your manner, style of conversation and expression. You should keep smiling always, being polite when you talk with the interviewer. Don't move from time to time when you sit there. And you also should know how to use eye contact.
Thank you, I've learned so much from you.
That’s all right. Hope you can do better tomorrow.

Can you fix me a cup of tea, Johnny?
Well... uh... how about a glass of juice instead?
No. I'd like tea. Can you put it in my favorite cup? You probably washed it...
Oh, yeah. Well, uh, about your mug... I'll find it...
Where are all the floral pattern plates? And dad's Yankee's mug?

Good morning, sir. May I help you?
Yes, I'd like to settle my bill.
Certainly sir. May I have your room key, please?
Sure. Here you are.
Just a moment, please. I'll draw up your bill for you... Thank you for waiting, sir. Your bill totals two thousand six hundred and fifty-eight yuan, including the phone and laundry.
That much?! Would you mind letting me have a look at it?
Not at all, sir. Here you are.
Thanks. Well, It seems to be right. How much is that in dollars, please?
Just a moment, sir. I'll calculate that for you. It comes to 305 dollars and 52 cents at today's exchange rate.
I see. OK. How would you like to make the payment?
In cash, please.
Here you are.
Thank you, sir... Here is your change. Could you check it, please? Thank you for choosing our hotel. I hope you enjoyed your stay.
By the way, please forward my mail to this address.
Certainly, sir. We hope you have a good trip.

Hi, Sam. I want to buy a pet. Do you have any ideas?
You really should go to Rachel's pet store.
why? anything special there?
it's more than special. You can find as many kinds of animals as you can put a name to and more.
Oh, really? are there any snakes?
snakes? there are even rodents and monkeys?! it's a world of exotic pets.
that's terrific. I can't wait to check it out.
Hang on. are you sure you want to keep a non-traditional pet?
why not? it's so cool.
but it will pose a risk to your health.
pardon?
i mean, most reptiles carry some harmful bacteria. they are likely to cause immune system problems.
well, I didn't realize that. I don't believe it's a good choice to keep those pets, especially for families with young children.
oh, I should have thought of my brother's baby girl. Maybe I'll just have a dog instead of an exotic pet.
yes, good luck, Maria.

I’m a new student. My name’s Robert. Nice to meet you.
My name’s Sophie. Are you French?
Yes, I’m. Are you French, too?
No, I’m not. What nationality are you?
I’m Italian. Are you a teacher?
No, I’m not. What’s your job?
I’m a keyboard operator. What’s your job?
I’m an engineer.

I can’t believe Obama is our President.
I am proud to know that he is our President.
You voted for him, right?
Did you vote for him, because I know that I did.
I did, too. I have nothing but faith in Obama.
Really? I’m sure he will help better America.
We do need some change in this country.
Our country is already changing as it is.
You’re absolutely right. I trust that he will take good care of our country.

Do you have a reservation, sir?
No, I’m afraid we don’t.
I’m sorry the restaurant is full now. You have to wait for about half an hour. Would you like to have a drink at the lounge until there’s a table available.
No, thanks, I’ll come back later. May I reserve a table for two?
Yes, of course. May I have your name, sir?
Bruce
By the way, can we have a table by the window?
we’ll try to arrange it, but I can’t guarantee sir.
That’s fine.
your table's ready, sir? Please step this way.

Do you have coffee shops in China, too?
Yes, of course. There are many tea houses and bars in China, too. People can drink, eat and relax at these places.
You like to go to these places, don’t you?
Yes, sometimes the music there is so beautiful. It is very romantic. I can stay there for hours.
Do you often go there alone?
No, I often go there with my friends.

Hi there?! I am looking for a new car. I have this old Ford Pinto that I would like to trade in.
I see. You are in luck this month because all of our models are on sale?! it is a perfect time to buy a new car since it’s the end of the year.
Perfect?!
I like this one.
That is the Ford Focus. A very light but powerful vehicle. It comes with dual side airbags, power steering and power windows, tinted windows and your choice of either automatic or manual transmission.
Sounds like a good car?! How many miles to the gallon?
It is a very fuel efficient vehicle giving you about 34 miles in the city and 40 on the highway.
That is really convenient. Especially now that fuel prices are so high?!
What’s under the hood?
A very powerful 2.5- liter turbocharged engine, Trust me, this car is fast?!
Now for the most difficult question. What is the price tag for this lovely vehicle?
Very affordable mam. You can take it out of this lot today with 0 % down payment and no interest for the first year?! You can test drive it now and we can sign the papers when we get back.
Great?! Let’s do it?!

I wonder if you could help me, I'm looking for a room.
Well, I have got a vacancy.
What sort of price are you asking?
Eight dolls fifty a week excluding laundry.
Would it be convenient to see the room?
Can you call back later? We're right in the middle of lunch.

Could you give me an expense report? I would like to attach the invoices for my phone bill this season.
Here you are. Do you need glue?
That is very kind of you. I’m just running out of glue.
You’re welcome.

IBA, Jane speaking. How can I help you?
Hello. I'd like to speak to someone regarding my card.
Sorry, I'm not quite sure if I understand. In what way, Sir? Has your card been stolen?
No, no. Nothing at all like that. It's just that I applied for a credit card with you a while ago, my application was accepted, but I'm still waiting for my card.
Oh, I see, Sir. Well, it does take 5 working days to issue and post the card.
Yes, my application was accepted last Friday. Now it's Wednesday, that's more than 5 days.
Sorry, Sir, but it's 5 working days. This does not include weekends, so your card should be with you later this week.
Of course?! How silly of me?! Yes, 5 working days would mean this Friday, at the earliest.
I see. I'm sorry to trouble you.
It's no trouble at all, Sir. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nothing, thanks. I again apologise for the misunderstanding, bye for now.

What can I do for you, sir?
We'd like to order breakfast for tomorrow morning.
Yes, sir. What would you like?
Orange juice, scrambled eggs, bacon, toast and coffee.
OK, and when shall I bring it here?
About seven thirty.By the way, could you also bring me tomorrow's papers?
Of course, sir.

What shall we do when we find a shortage in the shipment?
You should do one of the two things - either to lodge a claim with the shipowner or with the insurance company.
Shall we leave it to the brokers?
Yes. They usually do it. Do they charge for that?
Of course. In Europe, they charge a commission of 1 % of the amount of the claim for their service.
Is it the same in America?
They do the work without charge to the importer. It's part of their service, isn't it?
Exactly. Is it enough to claim with an on board bill of lading?
No, you must also obtain a statement from the shipping agent certifying that the goods were actually loaded on their vessel for shipment.
I see. By the way, how do we prove the ownership of our goods?
You must provide full original set of ocean bills of lading original insurance policy or certificate and the original commercia invoice.
I see. Thank you.
You are welcome.

I'll be on business for a couple of days, could you take care of your sister?
OK, Mum, when will you be back?
I'll be back in ten days.

Passport, please, madam.
Just a minute, please. It's in my bag. Here it is.
Thank you. Please fill out the Baggage Declaration Form.
All right. Shall I enter all my belongings?
No, only the articles listed on the Declaration.

I’m hungry, let’s go grab a bite to eat.
Yeah me too.
Oh?! Can we stop at the shop really fast? I lost my makeup bag at the airport and I want to pick up a few things.
Will you take long?
No?! Five minutes I promise?!
Come on?! We have been here for almost an hour?! I thought you said you were only going to get a few things?! How long does it take you to pick out a lipstick and some nail polish?!
Are you crazy? You have no idea what you are talking about?! Just for my eyes I have to get eye-liner, an eyelash curler, eye shadow, an eyebrow pencil and mascara. Then I need to get foundation, liquid foundation.
Whoa whoa whoa?! Are you nuts? How much is all this going to cost? I’m looking at the price at each one of these little things and it’s outrageous?! This is basically a crayon?!
What about you? You spend as much or more money on your razors, after shave, cologne and gel?! Not to mention how much you spend on clothes and...
Fine?! Get the stupid thirty dollar crayon?!

Can I borrow five bucks?
No?!
Come on?! I'll pay you back on Tuesday.
Last time I lent you money, you never paid me back.
I promise if you lend me five dollars today, I will repay you in full next week.
Ok, but I'm taking your skateboard as collateral.
Fine?! I can't believe you don't trust me.
It's nothing personal, just business.

May I help you, sir?
Yes, please. I'm looking for a cotton polo shirt.
Any particular colour?
Not really. How about this one?
I like the design, but don't particularly care for the colour. Do you have that in other colours, too?
Well, they come in white, pale yellow, aqua, red and green. Will a white one do?
Yes. I prefer white - and may I see a pale yellow one, too?
Why, of course. Let's see... White... Pale yellow. Here you are, sir.

I’m so surprised to meet you in this remote village. Long time no see.
Yeah. How are you these days?

You look terrific and in good shape.
Thank you. How do you keep fit?
I do yoga twice a weeks
Yoga? It sounds interesting.
It was hard at the beginning, but now feel it's really relaxing. It makes me flexible.
Anything else?
Yes, I often go swimming. Are you interested in swimming?
Yes, I like it very much.

Are you going home now?
No, I'm not. What are you going to do? Are you going to work late?
No, I'm not. I'm going to look for an apartment.
An apartment? Why?
I'm going to try to find a place near the office.
Where are you living now?
Out in the suburbs. It's a long trip to work every day.
How are you going to find an apartment?
I'm going to buy a newspaper and check the classified ads.
Apartments in the city are expensive.
I know, but I'm going to enroll in a night school to take a course in business management.

no, no, you helped me with my computer last week. I want to repay the favor.
no, it's definitely my turn to treat you... you paid last time?!
oh, that was just a quick bite to eat---that doesn't count?!
ok, ok, how about we just go Dutch?
It's settled.
Listen, I'm still pretty new around here, would it be alright if you found the restaurant?
ok... sure.

I am waiting for a fax but just now I found there’s something wrong with the fax machine.
What’s wrong with the fax machine? Is it urgent?
Yes, very urgent. And there is no other fax machine around. And the office of our boss is closed, so I can not use his machine either. And his secretary is out. Do you have any suggestion?
Either call this extension number 0085 or ask them to send the fax to you as e-mail, you print it out.

Hey, Jim. It's time to wake up and get out of bed.
Do I have to get up now?
You'd better get up, or you'll be late.
What're you talking about? My alarm even hasn't gone off yet.
Yes, it did. It went off thirty minutes ago. You slept right through it. You're like a dead person while you sleep.
I must have slept right through it.
Rise and shine?! Sleepyhead?!
Just let me sleep five more minutes.
The early bird gets the worm.
I know, I know. But I don't want any worms. Ha?! Ha?!
If you don't make an effort now, later on it'll be a lot tougher for you.

What shall we do tonight?
How about the cinema?
That's a good idea. We haven't seen a film for ages. What would you like to see?
Oh I don't know. Titanic?
Titanic? That old film? but I've seen it before?!

I’Ve been told you might have a vacant room.
Yes. I have a spare room.
How much are you asking?
10.00 dollars a night.
Could I see the room, please?
Sure.Come on in.

Sit down, please. What's wrong with you?
I feel cold, and I'm shivering. I have a terrible headache and a sore throat.
How long have you been like that?
About a day.
Let me have a look at your throat first. Please open your mouth and say " ah ".
Ah... And show me your tongue... Thank you. That'll do. You have slight tonsillitis, and your throat is inflamed. How is your appetite?
Not so good. Now, let me take your temperature. Please put this thermometer under your armpit and let me feel your pulse? Your pulse is weak.
Do I have a temperature, doctor?
Yes, you have a high fever. I'd like to give you a blood test.

Yikes?! What was that noise?
I had to blow my nose.
Did you have to blow right next to the phone? Did you hear that?
Of course I heard that. I thought a plane had crashed into your house.
It wasn't that loud.
I will blow my nose sometime for you, and you'll see.
Okay. I'll take your word for it. I thought you had an elephant in your house.
You're funny.
What did you say? I think I've gone deaf.
I'm going into the bathroom to blow my nose. I'll be right back.

Can I have the check please?
Right away, sir.
Is this amount correct?
Yes, sir, it is.
Thank you, the service was good
Please come again.

Nowadays fewer and fewer people go to the movie theaters to see films. So I am afraid that the film studios are really getting hard time to survive.
What you said is true. But the film producers there are more flexible ways to get more audience. For example, to make more movie Ccds, so people will spend money buying them. But it is true that cinemas are losing the attraction they used to have in the past.
Yes. Take myself for example. I seldom go to cinemas, but it doesn't mean I no longer see films ; instead, I see films at home-watching Ccds.

Okay, well I’m sure you have a number of questions to ask me regarding the position.
Yes, well Miss Childs did give mean overview of the position over the phone, but there were some details I’d like to clarify.
Well feel free to ask me anything, and I’ll try to fill in the details. Could I first ask about the remuneration package?
Yes, of course. That’s quite an important point, isn’t it? As a junior sub editor we offer a starting salary of 150,000 HK dollars per annum. This doesn’t include a generous housing allowance also.
I understand. And are there other bonuses included?
Well, apart from full health insurance we do offer a company staff bonus scheme linked to readership numbers. But we could go through all the details of that at a later date.
Well, Mr. Parsons, I am flexible when it comes to salary. The opportunity to work in Hong Kong for you is the most important thing for me.
Excellent. Well, what other questions do you have Rebecca?

We need to take the accounts system offline to carry out the upgrade. But don't worry, it won't cause too much inconvenience. We're going to do it over the weekend.
How long will the system be down for?
We'll be taking everything offline in about two hours' time. It'll be down for a minimum of twelve hours. If everything goes according to plan, it should be up again by 6 pm on Saturday.
That's fine. We've allowed forty-eight hours to be on the safe side.

Welcome to IBA. Can I help you?
Yes, please. I'm here for an International Settlement. Our company has to effect payment, and it needs to be done today. Here's the advice slip for the payment.
Thanks. I'm sorry to say that you need to get this stamped. There is no stamp on this slip and it is essential before I can process it for you.
I see. So, I need to stamp it. And sign it too?
Yes, that's right. Down here, at the bottom right hand corner to show that you agree to pay the printed amount.
I'll go back to the office and get it sorted and pop back later.
Thanks, bye for now.

That's the warehouse where the large items of office equipment are stored. If I ordered a desk today, how would it be before I got delivery in Scotland?
Well, I think perhaps you'd better speak to our Production Manager, Mr. Yao. You'll meet him when we go over to the factory.

Excuse me. I have just missed the connection plane due to the heavy fog in London. Can I change my ticket now?
Please Show your ticket and passport.
Here you are.
Which flight do you want to change?
The next one to my destination. I have to be there as soon as possible.

Hi, can I speak with the apartment manager, please?
Hello, this is the apartment manager speaking.
I'm calling about the apartment for rent on Main Street.
Would you be interested in seeing the apartment?
I would love to see it.
Are you free today at around 6 p. m.?
Yes, I will be able to make it then.
Well, I'll see you at 6 p. m. Do you know how to get there?
I used to live in that area.
I'll give you an application form when I see you.
That sounds good. Do I need to bring anything?
No. Just bring yourself.

Good afternoon. Welcome to China. May I see your passport, customs and health declaration form?
Yes, here you are.
Thank you. W hat's your occupation, Mr. Smith?
I'm the general manager of the Far-East Industry Corporation. You are here on business, aren't you?
Yes, I have been invited by the East Import
I see. Do you have anything to declare?
Yes, I have some foreign currency to declare.
Would you please fill out this currency declaration form? It's a record of the foreign currency you have brought in.
All right.

How much does it cost for a bus pass?
It'll be $ 65 for a monthly pass.
Is there anything cheaper than that?
If you're in school, you can get a student pass.
Well, I am how much will that cost?
The pass is free.
I don't have to pay for anything?
You'll only have to pay for the monthly sticker.
How much is the monthly sticker?
It's $ 24 for each month.
I'll take the student bus pass.
Okay, I'll get you one.

I see there are some workmen on the site. When is the building work due to start?
Well, it'll take three weeks to demolish the old building and clear away the debris. We should be ready to start the construction work in week 23.
How long will the sub contractors be on site?
About ten weeks in total if everything goes according to plan.
I'm sure it will.
So, we should be able to start moving the machinery in during week 34.
I'll confirm that date with our suppliers.

Andrew's Hair Salon, this is Andrew.
Andrew, this is Linda Chen.
Hi Linda, what can I do for you?
I need to set up an appointment to get my hair fixed.
For what day?
Tuesday morning.

Have you bought a bus pass yet?
I'm not getting one.
Why is that?
It's cheaper if I don't buy one.
Buying a bus pass will save you money. How do you figure that?
There's no limit to how often you can use your bus pass.
Really? Plus, you don't have to use change for the bus anymore.
I like that.
You want to buy one now?
I'm going to.

Are you ready to order, sir?
Yes, I would like a roast duck and my friend wants steaks.
How do you like your steaks?
I'd like it medium-well.
OK, sir, wait a minute.

Hello, I want to know how much it costs to have a manicure and pedicure.
Usually it's 60 dollars for a manicure, and 80 dollars for a pedicure. But with this special discount, the total for both is only one hundred and 20 dollars, and you can get them painted.
That's nice. I'd like to give it a try. I think I like passion red. please.
Alright.Do you want your cuticles cut, too?
No. Would you like the shapes square or round?
Square. But with round at the edges, please.
All right, it's done. Please follow me to the drying section. How long will it take to get them dry?
Ten or about five minutes. You'll be all set.
I see, thank you.

Hello, this is Lucy. May I speak to Mr. Smith?
Oh, hello, Lucy. What's up?
I'm afraid I can't come to work today, Mr. Smith.
Oh, what's wrong with you?
I've got a fever and a very sore throat.
Well, you sound ill over the phone.
Yes. I have to stay in bed today, but I'll be able to come tomorrow.
That's all right. Have a good rest until you feel well enough.
Thank you, Mr. Smith. Goodbye.
Goodbye, Lucy.

Waiter, we have been waiting for 20 minutes. Would you mind hurrying?
I am sorry, sir, the fish you ordered will take a longer time because we make it with fresh fish.
That's fine. Would you please bring me some wine?
Sure, is dry white wine OK?
Yes.
Thank you.

Hi Bob, I won't be in work tomorrow.
Why, what's the problem?
I have a dentist appointment.
Okay.

I've come about your wools. According to our market survey, wools are likely to find a ready market in our country.
Wonderful?! We can meet your requirements and the offer is ready for you. Here it is. The unit price is USD 15.00 per kilogram.
Do you quote CIF or FOB?
It's FOB Shanghai. Could you quote the price of CIF Hamburg?
Certainly, that's easy. We will work out our CIF offer this evening. Could you come again tomorrow, say, at 10 AM?
Okay, see you tomorrow?!

Hi?! Do you want a fill-up?
Yes, please. Which type of gas do you want? Regular, Super, or Premium Unleaded?
What's the price difference?
Regular is $ 1.15, Super is $ 1.25 and Premium is $ 1.39.
Just fill it up with Regular, Unleaded, please. Do you want me to check the tires and the fluids?
Yes, I would. Thanks a lot.

Is your father in the habit of having naps?
Yes, all of us have naps.
Don't you feel dizzy when you have to get up?
No, not at all.

Excuse me. I need some storybooks in easy English. Do you have anything likethat?
Well, there are a lot of storybooks upstairs in our children's section. Some are written for young children, others for teens. Maybe some of them will suit your needs.
I'll go take a look. Thanks for your help.
You're welcome.

Good morning. I need to speak with the property manager, please.
Good morning. You are speaking to the property manager.
While it was raining last night, water started leaking in from the ceiling.
Was it leaking in the bedroom?
It was in the living room.
Can you tell me which floor you are on?
We are on the bottom floor.
I would like to look at the leak. Will you be home this morning?
Yes, someone will be here to let you in.
Just in case you have to leave, we will just use the master key.

How much is your last salary?
I have earned 10,000 a year including bonuses.
How much do you want us to pay you?
I like to be paid more than that. Hopefully, 150,000 a year.
To be honest, I left the company to get more income.

I hope you can help. I've got a bit of a problem with your ATM.
Of course, that's my job. Oh, dear. What's happened?
Well, it's eaten my card?! It won't give it back?!
I see... calm down, don't worry. May I ask what were you doing when it took your card?
Yes. I was only entering my PIN. I'm terrible at remembering it, I'm so forgetful, you see.
Mmmm... and exactly how many times did you enter it, please?
Maybe three times. As I said, I always forget it.
Ah?! Don't worry ; it's just a security measure. If someone uses a card and cannot get the right PIN after three attempts, the bank keeps the card in case it's stolen. Just contact the bank and we'll get it back to you.
Oh, I see. So if I call my branch they can sort everything out for me?
Yes, they'll be happy to help. Believe me, it happens to many people.
I'd better try harder to memorise my PIN in future. Thanks.

Is this the counter to pick up parcels?
Yes, it is. I want to pick up my parcels.
Please show me your parcel order.
OK. Here you are.
Let me check your parcel number. Song Ping's parcel number should be CP 06230221 5 CN.
Here is your parcel.
Thank you.
Not at all.

Hi Brittany. What are you doing with all of your clothes on your bed?
I'm trying to decide what to wear to school the first day.
Oh, A. Mom didn't tell you?
Didn't tell me what?
What? This Bs' school you're going to is going to make your life easy.
What are you talking about brother? Spill it.
Uniforms, sis, no more worrying about appearances?!
You mean I have to wear the same thing every day?
MOM?!

What would you like for your main dish?
Steak, please.
How would you like it?
Medium rare, please.
Anything else, sir? May I have a glass of red wine, please?
Of course.

Mr. Smith, do you like the hotel we booked?
Yes, we do. We like it very much.
I've come to make sure that your stay in Beijing is a pleasant one.
Thank you so much.

David, we have been doing business for three years, haven't we?
Yes, I'm glad we've had very pleasant cooperation in the previous years.
And your achievement for promoting our clothes was great in the three years. So, I wish to apply for the sole agency of your product in our local market. If you give us the agency, that will be more substantial for our cooperation.
To be frank, you are not the only one who applies for an agent for us in your country. I'd like to know some ideas of terms on which you would be willing to operate as our agent.
As we are a well-established company, we are very familiar with the customers' needs. Besides, we can make full use of our good connections with the wholesalers and retailers here and develop a good market for your products if appointed as your agent.
Sounds reasonable. I will tell my boss about you agent application. Another question, what do you think is the minimum annual sales you can guarantee?
To be on the safe side, and for garment of all materials, sizes, and styles, I think the amount will be 50,000 pieces a year.
Well. As our sole agency, you will neither handle the same or similar products of other origins nor re-export our goods to any other area outside your own.
No, certainly not.

Excuse me. I bought this circulator here yesterday but it doesn't work.
Oh, let's see what's wrong.

Where can I find the produce?
Aisle A is where you'll find all the produce.
What sales do they have today?
I'm sure something is on sale. Please check with the produce person.

Hello, this is Steven from Blue Sky Co. May I speak to Mr. James?
Speaking.
Excuse my troubling you. You purchased our products last year and now I am following up to find out about their workings. Are they still in good condition now?
Yeah, exactly?! I bought them last year. En... at present, they are still in good state.
That's it?! All of them have first-class quality and performance. Besides, we adopt advanced technology. Now we have developed new products. They are much better than what you have bought.
Your company is developing so fast. Maybe later on I will plan to buy more.
That's great?! Thanks for your support. If any, please remember to call us.
I am afraid I have to say goodbye now?!
Bye, Mr. James?!
Bye?!

Ms.Dawson, I need you to take a dictation for me.
Yes, sir... This should go out as an intra-office memorandum to all employees by this afternoon.Are you ready?
Yes, sir.Go ahead.
Attention all staff... Effective immediately, all office communications are restricted to email correspondence and official memos.The use of Instant Message programs by employees during working hours is strictly prohibited.
Sir, does this apply to intra-office communications only? Or will it also restrict external communications?
It should apply to all communications, not only in this office between employees, but also any outside communications.
But sir, many employees use Instant Messaging to communicate with their clients.
They will just have to change their communication methods. I don't want any - one using Instant Messaging in this office.It wastes too much time?! Now, please continue with the memo.Where were we?
This applies to internal and external communications.
Yes.Any employee who persists in using Instant Messaging will first receive a warning and be placed on probation.At second offense, the employee will face termination.Any questions regarding this new policy may be directed to department heads. Is that all?
Yes.Please get this memo typed up and distributed to all employees before 4 pm.

Do you have everything?
Let's see... my ID card, my passport, and my suitcase. I'm pretty sure I've got everything.

This is Dunlin. Is this Mrs Smith speaking?
Yes, what can I do for you?
I just want to call and say thank you for letting me interview yesterday.
You are welcome, Mr. Sun.
And I also want to know what the status is of the position.
Sorry, we haven't made the decision at all. But we should be making the decision by the end of this week. And we'll get in touch with you once we make it.
Do you have any questions we didn't cover in the interview?
No. Thank you, I am looking forward to hearing from you. Bye-bye.
Thank you for the calling. Bye-bye.

I often sneeze after having a bad itch inside my nose. Sometimes this is accompanied by an itching throat.
Any other discomfort?
Yes. Sometimes I can notice a constriction in the chest and shortness of breath after a fit of sneezing. And I often suffer from a running nose with a profuse watery discharge.
Does it occur seasonally or all year round?
It has been seasonal during these past three years.
Are you sensitive to other things?
Yes, things like seafood and penicillin-type drugs.
OK. Let me examine your nose. According to your case history and the examination, I believe that it's allergic rhinitis.
What useful treatment can you offer?
I'll give you a series of specific skin tests. Then we'll know exactly what substances you're allergic to. Then I'll give you some causes of desensitization therapy.

Miss, would you like to try this free sample of our new suntan cream?
Sure, why not?
This is a new product of company this year. It's oil-free.
I see. It feels very light on the skin.
It gives your skin a very natural healthy look. I like the cool smell, too.

So how can I make it?
First you make a list of what you wanna buy...
But I’Ve gotta have the budge before anything else.
Well, that’s a problem, isn’t it?

Did you have a part-time job when you were still in school?
No, I was way too busy studying all the time. How about you?
Yeah, I worked about twenty hours a week in a pizza restaurant.
What was that like?
It was always very busy there. What did you do?
I stood behind the register and took pizza orders.
Did you get any perks on the job?
Yeah, I got to eat as much pizza as I could for free.

Okay. I'd like to change some euro into US dollars, please.
Sure. How much would you like to change?
Six hundred euro.
Very good. May I see your passport?
Here you are.
How would you like your bills?
In fifties please.

Why are you reading the classifieds? What do you need?
I'm looking for a bookcase, but I don't want to buy a new one.
Are you having any luck?
Not really. There aren't any used bookcases listed. But there are a few rummage sales on Saturday. I think I'll go to them.
Do you mind if I go with you?
Not at all. These private sales are great places to bargain. And sometimes you can find terrific things among all the junk.
I learned to negotiate from my mother. I thought I was pretty good at bargaining, but I had a problem the other day at Kimble's Department Store.
What happened?
I wanted to buy a beautiful wool sweater for my girlfriend. It was priced at forty dollars, so I started by offering the salesclerk thirty.

Do you do a lot of your shopping online?
Not really. I like looking on the internet at what’s available, but I usually prefer to actually see and touch what I’m buying before I pay for it. Sometimes, I’ll look at something in a shop, but lat No. I’m a little worried about security. You never know who’s trying to find out your codes and passwords. Aren’t you worry about that?
Not really. I know that it happens, but if you buy from reputable companies with secure websites, you should be ok.
Even though I use online shopping facilities, I don’t think it’s the best way to sho
I’m surprised to hear you say that. I thought you loved anything technological.
I do. I’m a big fan of using new technology, but I don’t want to sit in front of a computer screen all day. I think people need to get out and interact with other people. So, how about coming to the department store with me? I want to see if there are any new summer clothes on sale yet.
Sure. I’d love to join you. Can we stop by the computer store? I just want to see if they have something.
Sure. While you’re in the computer store. I will visit the book store opposite. I like to browse through their books and see if they have anything interesting.
Ok. I’Ve finished online. Let’s go.
I’ll just get some money and my credit card.
Thanks for reminding me. I had forgotten to get mine.

Please help yourself at your dishes. I hope you’ll enjoy what you’Ve got.
It suits my taste. You are really a good cook.
Would you like to try my special recipe?
Wow, let me try. It tastes nice.
How did you make it?
It’s as easy as pie. I always follow recipes.

Mr. Dick. Does the recommendation of the university play an important role?
Yes. In fact, the recommendation letter written by the university is an indirect self-recommendation. In the long period of cooperation, the university has established good relationship with the companies or organizations, they trust each other well. If your university recommends you, you can be approved more easily.
But I find that most of the recommendation letters written by universities are the same. So I doubt its authority.
More and more persons have the same discoveries since most universities do that in order to save energy. If your university also does like this, you can look for other methods, because such kinds of recommendations say nothing for you. Could you tell me whether or not I send out my resume with it?
It depends. If it has something special or useful, I suggest you send it out.

Taylor, can you tell me how to apply for a job on the Internet?
Just fill out an application. Do I have to send an E-mail?
You are expected to know the E-mail address of the unit.
But I still don't know which unit is in need of staff. Send out an application through Job-wanted on the website.
Can any unit see my information?
It's a two-way choice. And your application will be read.
Which websites offer this service?
Sina, 21st Century Talent Net, and a few others.
Thank you.

Don’t throw your weight around. I can’t bear you any more.
I dare you to say that again.

Were you a leader when you were in college?
Yes. I was Propaganda department minister of our university.
Did you get any honors or awards at your university?
No. It’s a pity about it.
Were you involved in any club activities at your university?
Yes. I was a member of the basketball Society. I like playing basketball.
What extracurricular activities did you usually take part in at your college?
I sometimes played basketball and sometimes played football.

You want to argue your ticket today?
Yes. That is why I'm here.
Tell me your argument.
I was pulled over for allegedly speeding.
Are you sure you weren't speeding?
To be honest, I really wasn't.
What speed were you going?
I was under the speed limit. I was going 35, when the speed limit was 40.
I'm just going to let you go, since the arresting officer isn't here.
What about my ticket? Do I still need to pay?
Don't worry about it.
I'm so glad for your help.

Annie, do you like shopping online?
Yes, I like it, because it's convenient. Last week, I tried to buy a new cellphone online, but I didn't know how to pay for it.
First, you should open an account at the online bank. After that, you can buy anything you want online.
Are there many things online?
Sure. You can find everything all over the world. Let's check it out online?!
( They log in a shopping website. ) That's amazing. Oh, an on line virtual supermarket? Let's click to check it out. Oh, I got it. It simulates the real supermarket, which makes it feel so real.
Mom will love it. She loves shopping in supermarkets.

Ah, Bob. Just the person I wanted to see.
So what is it?
You gotta help me out this time, buddy.
Another tough thing, I guess.

Hey?! What happened??! My song was only half way through and it skipped to the next song.
I don't know what happened?! You cancelled the song, didn't you, Jack?
No, I didn't.
Really?! Then, is the machine broken or...

Good evening, Do you have a reservation?
Yes. The reservation under Mr. Watson.
Ah, yes, a table for four at 8 Em, no, thanks. I think we'll go straight to the table, By the way. may I check my overcoat here?
Certainly, sir. We'll keep it in the cloakroom for you. Here is your number. When you leave, show it to the waiter behind the counter, please.
Thank you. Could you show us to our table now? Would you please follow me, please?
Thank you. This is your table. It's Number 10.

Hello, ma’am. Can I help you? I’m looking for a sweater.
What size are you looking for?
Well, I’m looking for size 10 but you don’t have it.
How about this one? I think it looks terrific on you.
Yes, I like the color. Can I try it on?
Sure. The fitting room is on your right.
It fits well. I like it a lot. What do you think?
You look pretty in red.
Oh, it’s my favorite. How much is it?
$ 29.99.
Okay. I’ll take it. Thank you very much for your help.
You’re welcome.

Do you have any cars available?
We have only one mid-size car left.
Great, what's the rate per day?
It's 40 $ plus tax per day on limited mileage.
I'm going to need it for three days. Can I see your driver's license?
Sure, here is my driver's license.
Please sign here.

Are you ready to order? I think that we have a pretty good idea of what we would like to order.
Let me tell you about the specials of the day, which are chicken in a wine sauce with capers, and grilled garlic shrimp.
I was wondering if the chef could leave off the sauce.
The chef would be happy to accommodate your special requests.
I am a vegetarian. Do you have any vegetarian selections?
You could choose the roasted vegetable and garlic pizza or the goat cheese and candied walnut salad.
I think that we will split the roasted vegetable and garlic pizza.
That is a good selection, and I can bring your salads now or serve them with your entree.
You can bring us our salads when you bring us our entree.

I can't open this email attachment our Paris office has sent me. Are you sure you're using the right program?
Well, yes it's definitely the same program but I might have the wrong version. Their system is newer than ours.
That's why you can't open it. You'll have to upgrade before you can read the file.

What kind of character do you think you have?
Generally speaking, l am an open-minded person.
What is your strongest trait?
Cheerfulness and friendliness.
How would your friends or colleagues describe you?
They say Mr. Sun is a friendly, sensitive, caring and determined person.
What personality do you admire?
I admire a person who is honest, flexible and easy-going.
How do you get along with others?
I get on well with others.

Hi, I need to make an appointment to see the doctor.
What seems to be the problem?
I have a rash that I need a doctor to look at.
Do you have a fever with that rash?
No, it just itches a lot.
I have openings on Tuesday or Wednesday. Which would be best for you?
I need an appointment on Tuesday.
Fine, I am putting you down for 9
I would like to see Dr. Jones.
I can schedule you with him with no problem.
We look forward to seeing you.

Wow?! What's the hold up?
It’s probably just people trying to get an early start out of the city for the weekend. Nobody sticks around in the summer.
Really? Then, I guess I won’t have a hard time finding a room or getting a cab?
Actually, you might because there’s a big convention in town this weekend.
I’m not too worried about it. I always seem to find something.

Hello, how can I help you today?
I'd like to withdraw some money from my account.
Please fill out this slip stating how much you wish to withdraw.
Well, actually, it's quite a substantial amount. Here's my Bank Book. Will that cause a problem?
On your account there is no limit to over the counter withdrawals, it won't cause a problem.
Here's your money, 10,000 RIB. Please count it before you leave.
Yes, that seems to be all in order. Thanks very much.

Quality is very important to us. We work to very low tolerance levels. We need to have guaranteed supplies of consistently high quality raw materials. Over the years we've built up very good relationships with our suppliers.
Do you have many different suppliers?
Yes. There are about fifty names on our approved supplier list, but for raw materials we tend to deal with three local companies.

Mary, can you tell me how you keep in shape?
You'll never be in shape until you eat less and take more exercise. Now, tell me what you often eat.
I often eat fish and eggs. Do you eat a lot of vegetables?
Oh yes, and fruits. I love fruits very much.
What do you like to drink?
Well, I never drink alcohol, coffee or tea. Whatever would you like to drink?
I drink a lot of milk. I drink milk almost every day. How often do you exercise?
Well, I walk every day. It's a good diet and a regular exercise.
Yes, quite right.

I am sorry, but I cannot stay for the rest of class today.
Why do you need to leave early?
I don’t feel so good. What doesn’t feel right?
I feel as if I am going to be sick to my stomach.
Perhaps you should get checked out at the Student Health Center before you go home.
I have some medicine at home that I could take.
Are you going to be OK to drive home, or would you like someone to go with you?
Thank you, but my friend is in the library, and he can give me a ride home.
We hope that you are feeling better soon. E-mail me if you have any questions.

Your boyfriend is so considerate to you. When do you plan to marry?
It’s still up in the air. There is something wrong between us.

We're considering of ordering 200 computers, but I'm wondering about the price you'll possibly offer.
Our price will be not less than $ 5000.
Your price is higher than I expected. Could you give us a little discount?
This is already our best price. But the price is always negotiable and you should consider our quantity of order.
Well, what would you suggest? Could you make it $ 4500?
I'm afraid that there is no room to negotiate the price. This is the best price we can quote.
Can we meet each other half way?
What do you mean? Let's close the deal at $ 4800, OK?
You drive a hard bargain?! OK, that's a deal.

I'm now on the Songshan airport getting ready for departure. I realized that I might have left my watch.
Yes, Ma'am. May I have your name and room number?
My name is Terry. I stayed last night in your hotel in room 132. What kind of watch is it?
It's a brand-new Seiko wrist watch.
Yes, we have it.
Oh, I'm glad to hear that. Would you kindly send it to the Hilton Hotel?

What are your thoughts on the apartment?
I think that it’s absolutely gorgeous.
There aren’t any problems with the apartment?
I think that the apartment looks very nice, but I do see some problems.
What problems?
I did notice a few stains in the carpet.
We will have the carpet cleaned before you move in.
You will?
Yes, but other than that, are there any more problems?
That was the only thing that I saw that was wrong with the apartment.
I’m happy that you find this apartment so appealing.
It is. I love it.

That China-gown of Tang-Dynasty style is so beautiful. Would you show it to me, please?
Absolutely. Here it is.
Could I try it on?
Please do, the fitting-room is over there.
It feels a little tight around the waist. Do you have a bigger one?
I'm sorry. We don't have this color in your size. We have some green ones in your size. Would you please have a look at this green one?
OK. How much does it cost?
It's 486 yuan.
Mmm, it is reasonable.

Mrs. Wang, would you give us an idea of the price you regard as workable?
As I said before, your price is so high that we find it difficult to make a bid. We hope you will take the initiative and bridge the gap.
Just to comply, we're ready to reduce the price by 5 percent. I hope this concession of ours will get the ball rolling.
So do we. Certainly it's a step forward on your side. But the gap is still too wide.
The ball is in your court, Mrs.Wang. What price would you suggest?
To make your offer workable, I think you should take another step down as big as the one you've just taken.
That won't do. You see, our profit margin is very narrow. It simply can't stand such a big cut.
I hate to disappoint you, Mr. Brown, but if that's the case, we have no alternative but to cover our requirements elsewhere.
Do think it over, please. We sincerely hope our discussion will come to a successful conclusion.
Well, I'm not authorized to agree to such a big reduction. Would you mind waiting a day or two, until I get a reply from the home office?
Not at all. Shall we meet again, say, on Friday morning?
Good. Friday morning at 9.

Good morning. Good morning.This is Mary.Can I speak to Anne please?
I’m sorry She isn’t in at the moment. She will come back at half past nineCan I take a message for her?
Thank you.But I will call her later
OK.Goodbye.
Goodbye.

Hi, Jane. How are you doing this morning?
I’m all right, thanks. Just a little tired.
Late night?
Yeah, I got home around two.

We've been waiting here for nearly ten minutes now, and there still isn't a bus in sight. I'm afraid we'll be late for the party. Have you got the time, Tom?
Yes, my watch says a quarter to seven. but there is something wrong with my watch?!
But you bought it only last month.
Yes, but ever since I bought it, it gains about five minutes a day, so I' Ve got to have it repaired.
How long will it take us to get there?
I think about ten minutes by bus.
It's not far away, then. Let's walk, it's beginning to rain.
Wait?! I think I see a bus coming now.
Let's hope it's the No. 22 bus.

Hi, Mr. Smith. I'm Doctor Hawkins. Why are you here today?
I found it would be a good idea to get a check-up.
Yes, well, you haven't had one for 5 years. You should have one every year.
I know. I figure as long as there is nothing wrong, why go see the doctor?
Well, the best way to avoid serious illnesses is to find out about them early. So try to come at least once a year for your own good.
Ok. Let me see here. Your eyes and ears look fine. Take a deep breath, please. Do you smoke, Mr. Smith?
Yes.
Smoking is the leading cause of lung cancer and heart disease, you know. You really should quit.
I've tried hundreds of times, but I just can't seem to kick the habit.
Well, we have classes and some medications that might help. I'll give you more information before you leave.
Ok, thanks doctor.

Good afternoon. Mr. Tylor's office?
I'm afraid you've got the wrong extension.
I'm sorry, but could you please transfer this call to Mr. Tylor's office?
Sure, please hold on.
Thank you. Now Mr. Tylor's on the line. Go ahead, please.
You are so kind, you helped me a lot.
You are welcome. Bye?!

Good afternoon, Lexington Software. Angelina Dawson, how can I help?
Hello, this is Quinn from IBA.
Ah, hello Quinn. Oh dear, you are calling to tell me there is a problem, aren't you?
I'm afraid so, yes.
Hmm... well, it was my first attempt?! Is it a very big mistake, or can we just alter it?
Unfortunately it's rather a big mistake.
What do you recommend we do?
I would recommend we scrap this one and you bring in another set as soon as possible.
I trust your judgement. Thank you, Quinn. I'll be back tomorrow with a new set. Bye for now.

Oh?!?!?! I have a horrible toothache.
You should go to the dentist.
I hate dentists.
Well, suffer then. If you have a toothache, you have to go to the dentist. It always hurts.
I hate going.
Stop being such a baby. If it really hurts that much, just let them knock you out.
O. K., O. K., I’ll go.
Good. You'll feel better after you do.

Hi, I would like to purchase a one way ticket to Brussels, please.
Certainly sir, this is our train schedule. We have an express train departing every morning and an overnight train that departs at nine pm.
How long does it take to get there?
About twelve hours. We currently have tickets available only for first class on the express train. If you’d like, you can choose a sleeper on the overnight train which is a bit less expensive.
Yeah, I think that is the best option. Do you serve food on the train? Twelve hours is such a long time?!
Yes, of course. There is a dining car towards the front of the train where they serve meals at all times. We do provide complimentary water and coffee for all of our passengers.
Great?! I’ll take it. Here you are sir. Your train leaves from platform number nine at nine on the dot. Remember to be here at least thirty minutes before your scheduled departure time or else you might miss your train?!
I understand. Thank you very much?! Have a great trip.

I would like to take a trip to the beach this weekend.
A trip to the beach would be fun. How is the weather going to be?
The forecast says that it will be warm on the weekend.
So do you think it'll be perfect weather for the beach?
It sounds like it will be. I really hope it doesn't get cold. That would ruin things, I want to go so badly.
The weather in California is unpredictable, so you never know.
That is true. The weather is constantly changing. It would be nice if the weather would never change.
That would be great, then we could plan things sooner. True.
Predictable weather would make life easier.

Some companies use to ban dating among employees, but now they have realized it is something in avertable. People spend so much time at work. It is not surprising for one to have a crash on the other. If we think positively, office love can be beneficial to company.
Beneficial? I don’t think so. If two employees get married, they will leave at the same time for a honeymoon, or later one of them will stay at home taking care of babies. If they break up, the company will probably have to relocate one of them to make the workplace more comfortable. By any means, the company must spare extra efforts to solve problems brought by an office dating.
But if two employees are in love, they will be happy. Happy people are more productive. If they develop an intimate relation with each other, they are willing to share knowledge and experience. It can help to improve work efficiency.
I doubt that.

Do you eat a lot of healthy food?
Compared with healthy food, unhealthy food just tastes so much better. And anyway, I believe if you live a low stress Life and are active, you can get away with eating whatever you like. It's all in the mind.
You have the point. I think cancer is caused by more worry than by the things we consume. Some good things you should try are cranberry juice, wild rice and yoghurt.
What's special about these things?
Cranberry juice is very good for destroying harmful bacteria in your guts because it's very acidic. Wild rice is high in fibre so it's good for your guts and it's high in protein and minerals-I think it's also tastier than normal rice. Yoghurt's good because it's also rich in protein, vitamins and is also acidic. People have been making yoghurt for thousands of years and if you have it every day, your guts will be much more settled.
Thanks. I'm going to follow your advice and pop down to the supermarket right now.

I've been so tired recently. I've been trying, but I don't think I'm up to this job.
You need to take a break, maybe a vacation. Oh, yes, indeed. I've run out of steam.
To be honest, I want to be in a different environment.
Is that so?
Yes, I don't want to be stuck in a rut. I want to move on.
Have you decided?
Yes. I want to get a better job.
Could you tell me why you want to quit?
I quit just because of the dissatisfying salary and the trouble in getting along with my colleagues.
Oh, that's terrible. Do you want to get a higher salary in our company?
I'm afraid not. I've promised my girlfriend. We'll travel southwards to find a job that offers higher pay.
OK, I'd like to say that I've really enjoyed working with you. However, I think you should work harder for your new job and then you can ask for higher pay.
Thank you so much for your advice. And every best wish for your new job.
Thank you.

The train is leaving. Hurry up?! Which car are we in?
Let me see. Oh, No. 11. Here we are, Car 11. Let's get in.
Seats No. 20 and 21. It’s nice that we’Ve got a window seat.
Let's put our suitcases on the rack.
Oh, the baggage rack is full. Put them under the seat for the time being.
All right.

So, how should we get to the theatre? Let's take the bus.
I hate the bus system in London?! The bus drivers are rude, the buses are never on time, and there are few people around who can help you.
It's not that bad. You probably just had a bad experience once.
It wasn't just once. Every single time I take the bus, something bad happens to me or to someone else on the bus.
We could take the subway, but we'd have to go three stops along one line and then change trains twice. Train fares are twice as expensive as the bus fare, too.
If we don't hurry up, we'll miss the show. Should we take the bus?
We're already late, so I think we had better take a taxi.
I don't think we'll be able to find a taxi very easily during hush hours. Let's just take the bus.
Fine. Have a look at the timetable to find out when the next one arrives.
It looks like it should be here in just a few minutes. don't worry. Nothing bad will happen. I'll even buy your ticket for you.
Thanks, that was nice of you.
See, now something good has happened to you on a bus trip?!

Let's go over this plan again. From Vancouver, we bike along the border all the way to Winnipeg. And that is mostly flat, right?
Relatively, once we're out of Alberta, anyway. Then it's hills again in Aitoba.
And from Winnipeg we go around the lakes through Toronto, right?
That's right. And up in to Quebec. And that's where we stop.
It doesn't sound like that much when we go over the plan but that's a long, long ride. Are you ready for the cross country of a lifetime?

Good morning, sir. What can I do for you?
I'm Bill. I'm in Room 908. Can you change the room for me? It's too noisy. My wife was woken up several times by the noise the baggage elevator made. She said it was too much for her.
I'm awfully sorry, sir. I do apologize. Room 908 is at the end of the corridor. It's possible that the noise is heard early in the morning when all is quiet.
Anyhow, I'd like to change our room.
No problem, sir. We'll manage it, but we don't have any spare room today. Could you wait till tomorrow? The American People-to-people Education Delegation will be leaving tomorrow morning. There'll be some rooms for you to choose from.
All right. I hope we'll be able to enjoy our stay in a quiet suite tomorrow evening and have a sound sleep.
Be sure. I'll make a note of that. Everything will be taken care of. And if there is anything more you need, please let us know.

It's time for bed.
I'm not ready to go to sleep. I'm not tired.
It's quite late, and you have an early day tomorrow.
I'm not going to be able to fall asleep.
Why don't you try counting sheep?
I've tried that before. It really doesn't work.
That's beside the point, you still need to go to bed.
Why can't I just stay up until I fall asleep?
If I let you do that, then you're just going to be up all night.
I promise I'll go to sleep soon.
No, you're going to sleep now, so good night.
See you in the morning.

I see myself as being honest, diligent, persevering and creative. And I have a strong sense of responsibility.
How about your psychological resilience?
I think I can work well under pressure, if necessary.
How would you deal with those who are not easy to get along with?
I will just be sincere and friendly to others, and I believe they will treat me the same way.
You seem to be a kind-hearted lady.
Thank you. I simply believe the goodness of human nature.
Please tell me your weaknesses if you can.
I should admit that sometimes I care too much about the details. I am always in pursuit of perfection.

Karen? I need to go over a few things with you.
Certainly. Mr. Graham. When would you like to meet?
I was thinking about this afternoon, after the sales meeting.
Fine. At 3:30?

I believe we' Ve met before. My name's David.
Yes, at your company, I think. I'm Frank.
Oh, I remember now.Very nice to meet you again.
Nice meeting you, too.

I made my little brother cry.
Shame on you?!

I need some mascara. Do you have good thickening mascara?
Of course. Here is our thickening mascara. We also have mascara designed to lengthen the eyelashes.
Alright. And I want to consider your eye shadow too. Do you have a color chart can look at?
We have a very wide selection of colors. And our eye shadow is specially designed to moisturize the skin. So it is very gentle on your eyelids. Would you like to sample some?
Oh, sure I will need to clean off my own eye shadow first.
I can help you with that.
Thank you.

Is this the baggage claim area for flight KB256?
Yes, we are on the same plane.
But I am a transfer passenger. I have a connecting flight to Miami.
So you have to bring your baggage to the transfer check-in area.
Yes.It' s quite troublesome. Why not go and find a porter?

Billy, you don’t look too well. Maybe you should take the day off school.
But Mom?! Today we’re playing football?! I love football?!
You’Ve got a fever and playing football isn’t a good idea for a boy with a fever.
What’s that on your arm?
I don’t know. It was there when I woke up this morning.
It’s rash. I’d better take you to see the doctor.
How did you get that bruise on your leg?
I bashed it against the chair in my room.
Does it hurt?
A little, but not much. Here. Put this wet towel on your face to keep your temperature down. I’ll take you to the doctor’s after breakfast.
If I’m better this afternoon, can I go to school?
If you are better, but I doubt you will be.

This is your schedule.
You're going out of your way for us, I believe.
You are our honored guests.

Are there any vacancies still available?
Yes. We need a plumber here.
I am looking for a job that is more advanced than that, such as sales manager or regional manager.
I am sorry. They are not available now.

My name is Mary, and I will be your waitress tonight.
Thank you, Mary. We have been looking forward to trying out this restaurant.
Before your main course, would you like to order an appetizer?
Sure, that sounds great. Where are your appetizers listed?
There is a special appetizer menu right here in the center of the table.
The chicken and cheese quesadilla looks good. Is that pretty good?
You know, that is one of my favorites?!
OK, I'll take one order of that.
You could choose another appetizer for half price to share.
Perfect?! Please add on an order of onion rings.

I am waiting for a fax but just now I found there's something wrong with the fax machine.
What's wrong with the fax machine? Is it urgent?
Yes, very urgent. And there is no other fax machine around. And the office of our boss is closed, so I can not use his machine either. And his secretary is out. Do you have any suggestion?
Either call this extension number 0085 or ask them to send the fax to you as e-mail, you print it out.

I would like to speak to you, if you don’t mind.
What would you like to speak to me about?
I would like to talk to you about this year’s election.
Is that right? I am a volunteer for this year’s campaign.
That’s wonderful. I am impressed at someone so young taking a stand. I know history is about to be made, and I would like to be a part of it.
That’s fantastic. Are you planning on voting?
I’m going to vote. Go to your polling place early on Election Day.
I will.
Good luck with your volunteering.

We hope that there will be no repetition of this kind of trouble in the future.
Yes. I promise it will not happen again.
We look forward to your settlement at an early date.
We will inform you as soon as possible.

Hello, Steven. How do you get along with your job?
Actually, I learn many things from it. I find that I am a quick learner in new things.
Practice makes perfect. By the way, what do you learn from your job?
At first I didn't know anything about the machine. Now I know how to operate it. Besides, the work gives me a sense of fulfillment and achievement.
Yeah, you are a good learner. I must commend you for your good performance.
Thank you. That's a long way to go for my job.
I appreciate your effort very much. The coffee break is over ; it's about time we set to work.
OK, let's go.

Where on earth are we?
Judging by all the traffic, I'd say we're near the outskirts of the city.
What did I do wrong? Did I take a wrong turn?
I'm not sure, but I think you turned right when you should have turned left on the flyover bridge.
Well, now we should turn back a few kilometres. It seems that the traffic sign is much more important than the map.

Hello. Front desk.
Yes. This is Bob Robinson. I’m calling from room number 627.
Hi, Bob. What can I do for you? Is it possible to change to another room?
Could you please tell me why? My room is facing the swimming pool. It’s noisy for me. I have a problem sleeping. And I feel uncomfortable when I take an elevator.
So you need a quiet side room on the lower floor.
You’re right. Okay. Let me check for a room on the first floor.
Thank you.
I’Ve only two rooms on the first floor. How about room 108?
That’s fine. Can I move now?
Sure. I’ll send the bellman to help you.
Oh, thank you kindly.
You’re welcome.

How long will it take for our order to be delivered?
Let's see. You are importing fifty containers of textiles from China. They should be able to place your order before the end of next week. It will take 2 days for shipping to the port city of Ningpo. The freight will take 3 weeks on the open ocean and will arrive in Los Angeles approximately a month from today. Domestic shipping will be your responsibility, you can make arrangements with the pier in Los Angeles.
Fine, we will handle domestic shipping, but what about customs? Will we have to pay tariff on our imports?
I hope we don't run into any problems with the border control.
No, the Chinese company has that all worked out. With the paperwork you receive with the shipment, you should be good to go.

Now you're my boss, Mr. Henry. Do you have any other particular conditions that you would like the company to take into consideration?
No, nothing in particular. You may ask questions about us, if you have any.
All right. When can I start?

What are you doing here today?
I would like to fight my ticket.
Is the arresting officer in the courtroom today?
Yes, the officer is here today. What's your case?
I was pulled over for running a red light, but I never did.
Do you believe that the officer lied?
There was a camera on the signal. So, he was obviously lying.
Your license plate was caught on camera?
A picture of my license plate was never taken.
Since there is no picture of your license plate on record, I'm going to let you go.
Thank you. I'm glad that you believe me.

Hey Joe, what are you doing in this department store?
Hi, Rita, I'm just looking for a pair of shoes. I won't be here for long.
Why not? When I go shoe shopping, I have so many options for sneakers that I spend awhile looking at all of the choices.
That's my problem. I don't have a lot of options. What do you mean?
This is a big store, isn't it?
Yes, but I have unusually big feet. That wouldn't be too much of a problem except that they're also very wide, and only a few brands sell shoes that I can fit into.
So how do you usually go about buying shoes, then?
Well, first of all, I can only go to certain stores that can guarantee me a large selection.
Well, you're in the right store. If they don't have it, no one will.
After that I choose something from one of the few brands that I know will fit me. I prefer white, so I ask them to bring me a pair of white sneakers in my size. Since I’m usually only given one or two pairs of shoes that meet my qualifications, it makes it a very easy choice.

what shall we do after the volleyball match?
how about going to the Olympic souvenir store to have a look? I remember there is one in the gym.
that's a good idea. I was thinking of buying some gifts for my family. me, too.
What did you have in mind?
I haven't decided yet, but I think the Olympic Mascots are a must.
I agree. They're very lovely, especially " Huan Huan ".
is that the red one? That is my favorite, too. Do you know how much they are?
the five dolls are sold together as a set, and they're priced according to the size. The bigger they are the more expensive.
oh, I see. If I buy more than a set, can I get any discount?
I don't think so. All the souvenirs of the Olympic Games are very hot right now.
any other ideas?
there are lots of things, such as postcards, key chains, posters and various arts and crafts.
it all sounds great. We can go there after the match. I can't wait to see what they have.

Mom?! I hate eating vegetables?!
You don’t have to eat them. I don’t mind.
Thanks mom?! Can I have dessert now? I love chocolate cake?!
No dessert for you unless you eat all your vegetables.
But I don’t like them?! It’s not fair?!
You can have some fruit for dessert. If you eat an apple and a banana, I might let you have a small piece of chocolate cake.
Ok... actually, I don’t mind eating peas and carrots, buy I hate broccoli and cauliflower.
I’ll remember that for next time. You’ll get extra peas and carrots, buy no broccoli or cauliflower. OK?
Thanks mom?!

It was very kind of you to give me a tour of the place. It gave me a good idea of your product range.
It’s a pleasure to show our factory to our customers. What’s your general impression, may I ask?
Very impressive, indeed, especially the speed of your NW Model. That’s our latest development. A product with high performance.
We put it on the market just two months ago. The machine gives you an edge over your competitors, I guess.
Certainly. No one can match us as far as speed is concerned.
Could you give me some brochures for that machine? And the price if possible.
Right. Here is our sales catalog and literature.
Thank you. I think we may be able to work together in the future.

Is the factory fully-automated?
Not completely. Our production process is partially-automated. We use robots on the production line for routine assembly jobs but some of the work is still done manually.
What about supply of parts to the production line?
Well, the parts are automatically selected from the store room using a bar-code system. And there is an automatic feeder which takes them to the conveyor belt at the start of the production line.
What about the smaller components?
They're transported to the workstations on automated vehicles - robot trucks - which run on guide rails around the factory.

I'm glad you're on your ten-year reunion planning committee.
Yeah, you get the TV to yourself while I spend my nights surfing the Net for missing classmates. That's not why. This way I can see how you guys do this sort of thing.
I guess. Don't you have reunions in Taiwan?
Definitely. Every year. But just for our forty-person class. Ours are for everyone that graduated in the same year.

What does your job involve?
I'm the Project Manager so I have to make sure our projects run smoothly. I work with three Project Engineers. They take care of after-sales service and look after the maintenance side of the business.

How many languages can you speak?
Besides Chinese, I can speak English and French. You mean you can read and write both of them?
No, I can only carry on a simple conversation in French.
Can you read and write English well?
I can speak the language better than read and write.
Do you speak the language well enough to communicate with people of English-speaking countries?
I think so. I used to be an interpreter. Do you think your English is good enough to do desk work?
The amount of English I know enables me to do general desk work. I believe what I know is sufficient to work in an American firm.

What can I get for you? Here is the menu.
Let me have a look. Well, how many kinds of steaks do you have?
We have sirloin steaks, pepper steak, and filet steak.
Is there something go with the filet steak?
Yes, we have various sauces.
What about the gravy?

Are you ready to go shopping?
Just a minute. I need to make a list of thinks that we need.
Good idea. Have you written down potatoes, carrots, and onions?
I don’t have onions on my list. I’ll add them. We should get some tea. Is green tea ok or should we get the same tea that we usually get?
Let’s get both. We need some coffee too. Is that on your list?
Yes, it is. Here’s my list. Is there anything that I’Ve forgotten?
I think you’Ve got everything. I want to got some chocolate and some cheese.
What kind of cheese do you want.
I’m not sure. I’ll decide at the cheese counter, when I can see what they have.
Have we got enough money?
We don’t have enough cash, so I’ll take my credit card and we can pay with that.
Where are the car keys?
I’Ve got them there. Shall I drive?

Hello, can you tell me how to use the telephone?
If you want to order meals, call 8801.If you need other help, call 8803 and someone will be there.
Thank you so much. By the way, is there a mail service?
Yes, you can take your letters to the counter over there.

I am afraid that the fax machine in my room won’t be working till tomorrow. A technician has just come and checked it. He will bring me a new one tomorrow. It seems there is a big problem with mine and it will take some days for repairing. Can I use the one in your office?
Of course you can. I am sure this one works very well. I just sent dozens of pages. How many pages are you sending? Are you familiar with my fax machine?
Yes, I think you have the same model as I have.
Does your fax machine print out immediately a transmission protocol?
Yes, it will print immediately.

How many years have you done business with China?
Let me see, about five years, we established our business relationship with Hua Mei of China Import & Export Corporation in 2003.
Do you have any difficulties in doing business in China? You know the Chinese economic legislation is still incomplete?
I don't think I have any problem with our Chinese partners. They have always followed the contract strictly. We can do business directly with the corporation. As I mentioned before, the Chinese government is trying very hard to perfect its law. Its commercial legislation provides legal protection for foreign companies.
Well, it's known that the Sino-American relation is in a dilemma. Does it influence your business in China?
Actually not at present. But we are afraid it will. You know policies influence business to some extent.
I hope our government will not be influenced by some extremists. China is really a large market. We don't want to lose it.
Thank you.
You're welcome.

Give me a pack of first-class stamps, please.
Here you are. That will be five dollars. Anything else?
Yes. I want some post cards and some airmail stamps. I want to send some letters to South America.
Just a moment, I'll look up the rate for air-mail letters to South America.
Can you tell me how much it will cost to send a package to Colombia? Also, I what to know how long it will take.
Do you have the package with you? I would have to weigh it to see how much it would cost. Do you insure package?
Yes. All you have to do declare the value of the package and decide how much you want to insure it for.
Is there a way that I can be sure that the people in South america receive my package?
The post office rarely loses package. You can, however, request a rectum receipt.
One last question-what are your hours?
We open at eight-thirty in the morning and close at five-thirty in the afternoon.
Thank you, you helped me a lot.

Hello, thank you for taking the time to interview me.
Hi there, I’m Bill Gotcha, the owner of Gotcha Enterprises. Did you find your way here OK?
Your assistant gave wonderful directions.
Why are you switching jobs at this point in your career?
Our Company is moving overseas and I wish to stay in the United States.
What are you best at?
I am good at organizing systems that have been having problems.
What is your biggest challenge in terms of skills?
I don’t like to sit around and so like to always find things to do to keep myself busy.
That is good to hear?!

Good morning. SRC international. How may I help you?
Good morning. I'd like to speak to Peter. Chen Please.
Certainly. Who should I say is calling?
This is Tim. Hunter from Hunter industries.
And what is it regarding please?
We have an appointment for this afternoon. Mr. Chen will know why I'm calling.
Of course, Please hold the line Mr. Hunter.

Right, let me run through your options. You can go ahead and cash your undue Large-Amount Deposit Certificate if you really want to, but I'd recommend a Personal Durable Commodities Loan.
OK, what does that entail?
It's not too much trouble to do it this way and remember, your certificate is due in 2 months. If you can hold on to it, it'll be much better for your finances.
Yes, it does seem a little silly to cash it now. I'll probably need about 25,000 RIB. Will that be a problem?
Not at all, Mr Zu. As the certificate is due in 2 months, you can get the loan on mortgage of that certificate.
I'm glad you thought of this. I'd have just gone ahead and cashed it?! And I suppose I can use the money from the certificate to pay back this Personal Durable Commodities Loan and I won't lose any interest, right?
Exactly right. If you'd like to go ahead, I can process that for you now, Mr Zu.
Absolutely, Jenny. Thanks very much, I think you've saved me quite a lot of money today.

My aunt told me one of her secrets--cellophane tape. I just got it at the special health store. It's for my flabby arms.
Let me know how it works. I have to say, I have had enough of this roller coaster.
I know what you mean. I'm like a yo-yo. Last week I was down to 60 kilos. This week I had one donut more. Now I'm up to 62 kilos.

May I have a menu, please?
Of course. Could you tell me how this thing is cooked? Lobster?
It is steamed and served with our special sauce.
Is it good?
Sure. It is a most popular dish.
I think I will try some lobster, and give me some green salad together.

Can’t you come in and have tea now, Peter?
Not yet, I must water the garden first.
Do you have to water it now?
I’m afraid I must. Look at it?! It’s terribly dry.
What a nuisance?! Last summer it was very dry, too. Don’t you remember? I had to water it every day.
Well, I’ll have tea by myself.
That was quick?! Have you finished already? Yes, Look out of the window. It’s raining.
That means you needn’t water the garden.
That was a pleasant surprise. It means I can have tea, instead.

I'm broke, and I have to catch another bus.
Why don't you have any money for another bus?
I got hungry and bought some chips.
That was smart.
Anyway, do you have any change I can use for the bus?
I don't have any.
I don't know how I'm going to get home.
Get a transfer from the bus driver.
How much is a transfer?
It doesn't cost anything.
That's great?! Thanks for your help.
You know what? Don't mention it.

Hello, Anna. Come in and sit down.
Hello, doctor.
What's the matter? I've got a backache.
Do you often suffer from backache?
No, I don't. I've never had a bad one before. When did it start?
About four days ago.
Well, go home and rest in bed for two days, then you'll feel better. Can you give me some medicine? It's very painful.
Yes, I'll give you some pills. Take one a time and three times a day, and come back in three days. If you don't feel...

Welcome on board. May I see your boarding pass?
Here you are. Your seat is three, in the third row, near the window.
Thank you. Where can I put my suitcase?
Either in the overhead compartment or underneath the seat.
Everyone's attention, please. We are going to take off. Please fasten your belts.

Hello, madam. How do you like your staying here?
Quite good. Excuse me, are there any places of interest?
Yes, there are so many near our hoteI. Three blocks away from here, there is temple. It's famous for its building and paintings. lt' s worth visiting.
Thank you. I think today we will go there.

You're here to make a deposit, is that correct?
Right. I'd like to deposit 2,000 RIB into my Current Account.
No problem. Could I have the cash and your Bank Book, please?
Oh dear... there seems to be some problems here... What? What's wrong?
I'm sorry but 5 of these notes seem to be counterfeit. Look at this watermark, do you see it?
It does look a little strange, I didn't notice that before.

Hello, sir. Is there anything I can help you find?
Um... Uh... I'm just looking, thanks.
Need a gift for your girlfriend or wife...
No, no, no. I'm just browsing. Thanks anyway.
Well, if you need anything, just ask. Um... well, where's the men's shoe department?
It's on the third floor. Turn left when you get off the escalator.
Thanks.

An idea about killing time on a train?
I advise you to read Playboy.You can get a lot from it.
But there's quite a lot of rumors about it.
That's why it's interesting.

Have you brought the receipt with you?
No, I don't. I left it home.
Sorry, but we can't do anything without the receipt. Come back with it.
I didn't know. I'll go to get it. How late will you be open?
Till 5:30.

I haven't told you what happened yet, have I?
I haven't heard anything.
My boss offered me a promotion, and I took it.
Are you serious?
Yes, I am really excited.
That's great. Congratulations?!
Thank you.
Actually, I could not believe it at first. You know, there're so many outstanding people in our company. Many of them are qualified to fill that position.
Sure, but you really did great and outperformed the others. You deserved it?!
Thank you very much.

I like Chinese food.
I like Chinese food, too. I like dumplings best. At school, we sometimes have Chinese food for lunch.
That's good. We eat Chinese food only at the Chinese restaurant.
My mother can make some Chinese food.
Really? That's wonderful?!

OK. Come back into the classroom, class.
Does the class start again, Mam?
Yes, but to the heath, this break has last long enough.
Oh, breaktime flies. come on, baby. It’s time now.
Mam, another minute, could I?
Hurry up, little boy.

What's the actual flight time from here to San Francisco?
It's about twelve hours.
Can you tell me what time we're arriving?
Sure. Let me see... at 6:15 a. m. local time.
I see. And that'll be 10:15 p. m. Beijing time.

Excuse me, but I'm not feeling too well. I think I'm going to throw up.
There's an airsickness bag behind the seat that's in front of you.
I must've missed it. Is this your first time flying?
Yes. I'm going to San Francisco.
Oh, it's a beautiful city. I think you'll like it.
Hey, I'm feeling much better already.
Sometimes if you don't think about it, that sick feeling will go away on its own.
Thanks.
By the way, my name is Mary.
I'm Frank. Nice to meet you.

Welcome to Al's Bakery. What can I get you?
Hi?! Let me get a dozen croissants, four blueberry muffins and a loaf of sourdough bread.
Sure. Would you like to have the loaf sliced?
No, that's OK. Do you have any whole wheat bread?
We are out at the moment. May I suggest some rye bread?
Sure that sounds good. Do you have any cakes?
We have various birthday cakes and also ice cream cakes.
I'll just take a cheesecake.
Will that be all?
Yes.
Your total is forty three dollars and twenty cents.
You got it.

Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, we are happy you have all come out for our training workshop. Today we have a great line-up of speakers to talk to you. First on our program is a well-renown expert in the field of international economic development, Harvard's own Dr. James Smith. Dr. Smith has been involved in economic research for over twenty years, and has taught at Harvard since 1995. And now, without further adieu, we'd like to welcome Mr. James Smith.
Thank you, Mr. Jackson, ladies and gentlemen, colleagues, friends. The subject of my talk is international relations in a morgen world. I plan to say a few words about the current situation in the Middle East and how it affects world economy. I'd like to give you an overview of the way that the economies of seemingly unrelated countries are intertwined. I've divided my talk into three parts, first an overview of international relations, second a discussion of current political situations, and lastly trends for the future. My presentation will take about two hours, but there will be a twenty-minute break in the middle. We'll stop for lunch at 12.

You're looking rather pale, why?
I couldn't sleep well recently.
You'd get plenty of sleep for you work so hard.
I always drink too much wine in the evening.
You shan't drink more wine in the evening.
Yes, you are right.
And you'd take some exercise every day.
Many thanks for your advice.

Hello Mrs Parker, how have you been?
Hello Dr Peters. Just fine thank you. Ricky and I are here for his vaccines.
Very well. Let's see, according to his vaccination record, Ricky has received his Polio, Tetanus and Hepatitis B shots. He is 14 months old, so he is due for Hepatitis A, Chickenpox and Measles shots.
What about Rubella and Mumps?
Well, I can only give him these for now, and after a couple of weeks I can administer the rest.
OK, great. Doctor, I think I also may need a Tetanus booster. Last time I got it was maybe fifteen years ago?!
We will check our records and I'll have the nurse administer and the booster as well. Now, please hold Ricky's arm tight, this may sting a little.

I’m interested in teaching at your school.
Great. Are you a qualified teacher?
Yes.
What kind of teaching certificate do you have?
I have a TEFL certificate.
How many years of experience do you have?
I have three years of teaching ESL and four years of teaching per-school children.
When did you get your TEFL certificate?
I got my TEFL certificate three years ago.
Why do you want to teach at our school?
Well, I’Ve heard many good things about it. I also like teaching young children.
That’s great. Can you speak Chinese?
Yes, just a little.
Can you come in for an interview tomorrow at 10:00?
I sure can.
Great. See you then.

Why is the car before us stopping?
What's going on? Look. Two cars are standing right in the middle of the road and the drivers are shouting rude words to each other.
That's why that car stops.
More and more people easily get irritated while driving.
Yes. This is what is called road rage.

This is today’s schedule. At 8 thirty AM, conference with the department managers. At 9 o’clock, live for the workshop where you’ll award prizes to the staff for preventatives.
That’s great. What are the prizes?
3000 RIB as bonus for each person. To encourage the staff increases.
Ok. Next thing is laying the corner-stone for the new plant at 10 AM. At 12 AM, back here for lunch. What about the afternoon? At 2 PM, give a presentation here with the press. At four o’clock sharp, have dinner with Mr. Smith, manager of NCC.

This is Lincoln Bank, Consumer Credit Department. How can I help you?
Ah, hello. I'm calling to find out how I apply for a car loan.
We offer a Personal Automobile Consumer Loan. The application process is pretty straight forward. I trust you have enough funds to cover the 20 % down payment?
Yes, I do. It's ready and waiting in my account.
The next step is for us to recommend a dealer to you, who are already contracted to us, so...
Could I just stop you there? Sorry to interrupt, but I have already been to your appointed dealer and selected the car I want.
That will certainly cut down the processing time. We can move on to the next step. Do you have the purchase price?
Yes, it's 110,000 RIB. So, with the down payment done, I will need to borrow 70,000 RIB.
What we need you to do next is to come into the branch with a correctly filled in application form, ID card, proof of residency, proof of income, the agreement from the agent and of course the 20 % down payment.
Yes, I have everything here.
OK, I'll come in and see you later today. Maybe I could have my new car as early as next week?! How exciting?!

Hi, my name is Tom.
Tom, the new sales representative? Nice to meet you?! I'm Melinda.
Nice to meet you too.Melinda. Now let me show you around. This is our reception area, and our conference room is right over there. Over here is the sales department.
Really? This is a nice office, but it's quite small.
Yeah... You can make photocopies and send faxes over there.
It looks like you guys work hard.
I tell you what just between you and me, we just mess things up so that it looks like we work hard.Just kidding.
Oh, your cubicle is over the. And this way. Those are all private offices the managers offices.
Hmm... Tell me more details about our jobs.
Sure thing.

What do you think of our price? Your price has gone up sharply, hasn't it?
Yes. We regret we cannot maintain our original price. Since the prices of the raw materials have been raised, we have to adjust the price of our products accordingly.
I agree with you there, but your price is unreasonable.
I don't think so. You must compare our price with that of other export houses. I'm sure our offer is in line with the prevailing market price level.
I don't think we'll be able to pay the price.
To have this business concluded, you need to lower your price at least by 3 %.
I’m afraid that there is no room for any reduction in price.
Don't you agree with me that in the long run, moderate prices will bring about large sales and more profit?
We've already cut down our price to cost level.
Is that all?
Yes, this is the best we can do.
I'm sorry we can't handle the price you offered.

So, Jimmy, how does it feel to have your own money?
It’s great, dad. I don’t mind delivering papers, but the real fun is collecting the money.
Even though you are only twelve, it’s not too early to start saving a little money.
I’Ve never had a bank account before. Why don’t I just keep my money under the matters like grandpa does?
You know you would spend it. And also, money in the bank earns interest.
But what if I need my money suddenly?
The bank will give you a PIN, and you can withdraw money from any ATM.
Great?! So it’s almost the same as keeping it under the matters?!
Not quite. You have to maintain a minimum balance of twenty dollars. And sometimes the bank has service charges. But you don’t have to worry about that yet. Let’s go make your first depot OK.
Guess I have to do that before. I can make money my first withdrawal.

Is this where I can catch a bus to the theater?
Yes, but you can't get there with out a change.
Which bus do I have to change?
You have to get off at the hospital and change for bus 15.
I see. Thank you.

Here we are, Joan. This is the Palace museum, also known as the Forbidden city.
Oh, how splendid?! Can you take a picture of me here?
Sure.

Excuse me. I'm afraid I got lost. Where am I on this map?
We are here, bus station, we are in the heart of the city.
Oh?! Can I go from here to the Zhongshan Park?
Head straight up the street about two blocks then turn right.

Tony, could you tell me if there are any special rules about the job?
Working hours are from 8: 30 a. m. to 5:00 p. m. Be sure not to be late or absent. Report to the manager by filling in the' Monthly Report' every month.
Is there anything else? How about my salary?
Our company has a strict and reasonable salary standard. On the 20th day of every month, you can get your salary on time. Benefits depend upon the length of service and the employee's past attendance record.
Wow, thank you for telling me these. Do you mind telling me something else, like attendance record, holiday, and how to ask for leave?
All new members are likely to ask the same questions. Haha.
I can understand that. Every month you have three days off, besides the weekends and some important holidays. After you've been here for a year, you qualify for a one-week vacation. The leave less than a half-day should predict for an hour, and more than a half-day should predict three days.
Okay, that's good. I get it.

Kate, you never believe what's happened.
What do you mean?
Masha and Hero are getting divorced.
You are kidding. What happened?
Well, I don't really know, but I heard that they are having a separation for 2 months, and filed for divorce.
That's really surprising. I always thought they are well matched.
What about the kids? Who get custody?
Masha, it seems quiet and makable, no quarrelling about who get the house and stock and then contesting the divorce with other details worked out.
That's the change from all the back stepping we usually hear about.
Well, I still can't believe it, Masha and Hero, the perfect couple.
When would they divorce be final?
Early in the New Year I guess.

Overseas operator. I would like to make a collect call to Taipei, Taiwan, please.
Your name, please.
Tim Chen.
What's the number, please.
The area code is 2, and the number is 2367-9960.
The line is connected. Please go ahead.

Hello. Excuse me.
Yes. Can I help you? Do you remember me? I just had lunch here a half hour ago.
Of course I remember you.
I think I lost my wallet here.
Oh, no. Really? I didn't see anything.
Really? You didn't find a wallet?
No, I didn't.
Would you like to go look by the table with me?
Yes, I would.
It's not here. And it's not on the floor.Has anyone sat at this table since we left?
No. It's been empty the whole time.
Hmm. I don't know how it could have happened.
I remember, sir, that your friend took the bill.You didn't pay for the lunch yourself, did you?
No. My friend did.
Then are you sure you took your wallet out of your pocket while you were here?
No, I'm not sure. But I usually take out my wallet when I sit down.It' s uncomfortable to sit on it. So I usually put it next to me on the table.
Maybe you lost it before you came here. Or maybe you left it at home.
I don't think it's at home. I think I had it when I left the house.But what should I do?
Well, the first thing you should do is make sure it's not at home.Then, if it isn't, you need to call your credit card companies and cancel your cards. Next, you need to replace whatever you lost, your driver's license, things like that.
Should I call the police?
You can if you want. But the police usually don't do anything about lost wallets.
Hmm. I'll go home and check. Maybe you're right. Maybe it's at home.
I'm sorry we couldn't find it, sir.
Thanks for your help.

Good morning, young lady. You can call me Ma. Do you see anything you like?
Yes. Many things?! I especially love this beautiful quilt.
That quilt was passed down to me from my ma in Holland.
It sounds like a special quilt. Why do you want to sell it?
Well, this home is too big for me now, so I'm moving to an apartment that is much smaller. Therefore, I need to part with a few things.
Oh, I see. Umm, how much do you want for the quilt?
Is fifteen dollars OK?

Have you got change for a thousand?
Let me see.

May I come in, Mr Sun?
I’d rather you didn’t, Miss Yang. I’m very busy now.
Can I try later then?
Yes, of course.
Is it all right for me to come in now, Mr Sun?
Well, uh... I’m still pretty busy, but... all right. Come in.
What can I do for you?
Do you mind if I sit down?
Not at all. Take a seat. Now what can I do for you?
I want to leave the department. Do you think I could put info a transfer?
Yes.
But why should you want to do that?
Do you mind if I speak frankly?
Not at all. Go ahead.
Well. You see, I don’t like the office. I don’t like the staff. And I’m afraid of you. And I don’t want to go one. So may I put info a transfer?
Yes. I’d be delighted if you did.

Where is that? Take me to the airport, please.
Are you in a hurry?
I have to be there before 17 o'clock.
We'll make it except a jam. You know it's rush hour.
There's an extra ten in it for you if you can get me there on time.
I'll do my best.
Here's twenty dollars. Do you have small bills?
No. If you can't break it, keep the change. But can you give me a receipt?
Here is your receipt.
Thank you.

Recently I have been getting headache and my eyes don't seems to see focus properly.
When did you last time have your eyes checked?
Two years ago. At that time I had no problems.Now I can’t even make out something ten meters away.
Come over here. I will test your eyes. First cover your left eye like this, and when I point, please read the chart from the top, and go as far as you can, telling me which way the “ E ” points.
All right. Good.Now the other eye. Well, this one is worse.
Never mind, just read as far as you can.
I can only read the first three lines.

Is there a car park near the supermarket?
Yes, there is an underground car park near the supermarket.
I see. Thanks.

Oh, come on, Ultraman?! What's up, Bro? What's in the bulletin?
It says that there will be a blackout from 5 p. m. to 7 p. m. in our neighborhood today.
Blackout? Even the TV has the limit. Don't you know you will look like a monster in the blackout?
Oops, no, Daddy can't watch American Idol, either?! That's not the point.
Come on, can you imagine that there will be no electricity on such a hot day? Oh, my god?! No air-conditioner?!
OK, since you are the smart one, can you come up with a better plan? So that we won't be baked like cookies here.
How about playing Barbie out there in the neighborhood?
Barbie? You know, I might be seven, but I'm not a girl.
Do you have a better plan?
All right, all right.

Yes, ma'am, how could I help you?
I am wondering if you do facial care?
Yes, we do.
How much would it be?
From 200 to 800.
I'm afraid 800 is too expensive for me. Could you recommend something around 300?
No problem.

Can I help you, Miss?
I would like to order 2 office-style cabinets and desk calendars. We want office-style cabinets in white. The catalogue number is 90-f-2356.
How soon do you want it?
Could you deliver it tomorrow?
No problem. Please handle the items carefully.
Certainly.
We will pay by collect on delivery.

I hate to do this to you, Alice, but I’m going to have to ask you to put in some more overtime.
Does it have to be this afternoon, Mr. Fairbanks? I’Ve already made plans.
Well, I would have preferred to do it today, but if you’Ve already made plans, we can do it tomorrow.
I’d appreciate that, sir. How long do you think you’ll need me to stay?

What’s your attitude when do wrong things at work?
The buck stops here.

Hello?! Is your company advertising for administrative assistant on the newspapers?
Well, Administrative assistant with shorthand and typing skills are badly needed here.
First I want to check about the availability and see if you could give me more information.
The position calls for a person with some working experience. We must be able to benefit from your analytical and interpersonal skills. Can you deliver your resume to us first?
Of course. I will deliver my resume to you in minutes' time. I hope you will consider my application and I shall appreciate a reply at your earliest convenience.
OK. I will call you soon. Bye now.
Bye.

Just as the saying goes, every potter praises his own pot. You should pay special attention to selling yourself properly in the interview. It is especially important for the graduates who step into the job market for the first time. You'd better prepare what you are going to say in advance, in order to have a good performance in the interview. The contents should be mainly descriptions of your background. And the length depends on the particular situation. Only when you are aware of what the interviewer will be interested in, can you make a targeted preparation. To sell yourself successfully, you should leave the interviewer a deep impression. Selling yourself should go straight to the point, and the statement should be clear and brief. It should also be truthful and realistic. Do not blindly blow your own horn. You should particularly state your strong points which are closely related to the position you are applying for. While you should not omit your weak points, they need to be described appropriately Time permitted, you could add certain examples to your description. Besides, in the interview, it is best that you make corresponding adjustments to apply your prepared contents flexibly.

Hello?
Hi, Deborah?! This is John. I'm calling from Australia.
What are you doing in Australia?
I'm attending a conference in Sydney this week. Remember?
Oh, right. What time is it there?
It's 10:00 P. M. And it's four o'clock in Los Angeles, right?
Yes - four o'clock in the morning.
4:00 A. M.? I'm really sorry.
That's OK. I'm awake now.

John hasn't turned up and Stefan is ill. Do we have anyone on stand-by?
I'm afraid not, we're very short-staffed at the moment.
Can you ask the shift supervisor to ask one of his team to do some overtime?
Perhaps Tommy can stand in for an hour or two until we find a replacement.

Jack, let’s go?! Oh, you are out of breath?! What happened?
Some people are wildly shooting on the next street. We must leave here as soon as possible?!
Take it easy. They will get caught.

Hello. May I speak to Jerry, please?
Sorry, but he is out for lunch right now.
I see. Can you give me some idea how long he'll be back?
I think he will be back around 2:00. If you like, please leave your name and phone number, I'll have him call you as soon as he comes back.
That's nice. My name is Steven, my phone number is 6789777.
Okay, I'll be waiting for his call. Thank you and bye?!
My pleasure, bye?!

Excuse me, Miss. What can I do for you?
I've just heard an announcement that my flight has been delayed.
What's your flight number?
Flight CA216 to Chengdu.
Yes, it's true. It has been delayed.
Could you please tell me why?
Yes, of course. The delay is due to heavy rain.
How long will the delay be? Do you have any further information about it?
I am sorry, we don't know the extent of the delay at present. But according to the latest weather forecast, there will be a change in weather soon. We have to wait.
Well, is it possible for the rain to stop before noon?
It's hard to say. Weather is so changeable in the summer. Please listen to the latest announcement about your flight.
Yes, I will. Thanks a lot. Bye?!
Bye

What are we going to do? I can't get the car out of this ditch. I'm stuck?!
I'm worried, Tom. I haven't seen any other cars for almost an hour.
I know. This is terrible. What can we do? This snow doesn't stop falling?!
I told you we should have stayed in town today.The weather report said 100 percent chance of snow.Why did you want to come up here?
I wanted to show you the cabin. We only had another half-hour to go.
Well, now we're stuck. What can we do?
I don't know. I've heard that when this happens, it's important to save energy.
What do you mean? We're stranded here, Tom. We may be here a long time.We need to conserve the gas in the car. The car's energy is what will keep us warm.
I have plenty of gas.
Yes, but the gas and the battery both have to stay working.We can't just let the car run and run.If we do, it will die soon. Then we'll freeze.
So what can we do?
Turn the lights off.Then, run the car and the heater only about fifteen minutes every hour.That will conserve the heat as long as possible.
Alright. That's a good idea. I wish we hadn't come up here. Now we'll probably be here for days.
Days?
Yes, it happens.That is what happens in big snowstorms. People get stranded for days.
Oh, my God?! It's good we have food. Probably we'll survive.But turn the car off for about forty-five minutes. Then we'll turn it on again.

Hey, buddy, can’t you see there’s a line?
Oh, sorry. I didn’t know.
What? You haven’t taken the bus before?
No, I’m afraid not.
Well, you have to wait in line like everyone else. Besides, you should let old people on first.
Sorry.
It’s all right. Where are you going?
I wanted to see the White House.
Oh, well you don’t want this bus, anyway. It goes to Georgetown.
Oh, no. It’s all right, though. Just get off at the next stop and catch the 79A.
Oh, well thank you very much.
You’re welcome.

Can I help you?
I'd like the double cheese burger meal, please.
What kind of drink would you like with that?
Just coke will be fine.
Would you like a super size meal? Only 2 RIB more, you'll get large coke and fries instead of medium. And today we are offering free toys all the meal boxes.
That sounds good, thanks, I'd like that. Actually I'd like sprite instead of coke, thanks.
That's not a problem, Miss. Will that be it?
Yes, that's all. That will be 25RMB, please
You got it.

Do you have any night tours?
Yes, we will depart in 10 minutes.
Is that a guided tour?
Yes, it is.
That's fine. Let's get on the bus.

I am sure we will make it up as soon as possible.
That's nice. We hope this matter will not affect our good relations in our future dealings.
Of course not. We have cooperated for a long time.

I would like to purchase some meat.
What kind of meat would you like to get today?
First off, I'm going to need a pound of ground beef.
A pound of ground beef is $ 2.48.
That's perfect. What else will you be needing?
I'm also going to need three pounds of chicken breasts.
The chicken breasts cost $ 4.05 per pound. What's the total price for the chicken?
It's going to be $ 12.15.
Okay, I think that will be all for me today.

I think you know already that I want to discuss the represent - ton for your alarm clocks.
Yes, Mr. Bergeron. You mentioned that in your letter.
To tell you the truth, your proposal surprised us.
Is that so?
Anyhow I want to go over the details with you in person, so you can give my suggestion thorough consideration.
Our firm specializes in this line of business. We have six sales representatives, who are on the road all the time, covering the whole of the European market.
Do you sell direct to shops?
Yes, we specialize in handling clocks and watches of all sorts. We have well established channels of distribution and we canvass the retailers direct, without any middlemen.
Do you keep a stock of these things?
In some cases, such as the wristwatches, which always have a steady market, we keep a stock in London and act as distributors as well as agents. Generally, however, we pass on the orders of our clients to the manufacturers for supply. We are paid for our service, of course.
That is, your commission.
Yes, our commission is very reasonable. We usually get a 10 % commission of the amount on every deal. Our agents in other areas usually get a 3-5 % commission. The European market is not familiar with your products. You have competitors from Japan and other continental countries. At the beginning of our campaign, there is sales resistance to overcome, we must send out salesmen to do a lot of traveling and spend a considerable amount of money on advertising in news - papers and TV programs. A 10 % commission will not leave us much.
According to your estimate, what is the maximum annual turn - over you can fulfill, in round figures, of course?
We will always do our utmost to enlarge the business, as our remuneration increases with the turnover, but we will not guar - ante anything, at least not to begin with.
We appreciate very much your intention to push the sale of our products. But our suggestion to you, Mr. Bergeron, as a preliminary step, is to do a little research into the market...
Do you mean to say you refuse us the agency?
Mr. Bergeron, you leave us no alternative. We can not give you an exclusive agency of the whole European market without having the slightest idea of your possible annual marketing turnover. Besides our price is worked out according to the costing. A 10 % commission means an increase in our price. We must have the reaction of the buyers in this respect.
Oh, that's just too bad. I intended to make great efforts in selling your products.
Well, we can still carry on our business relationship without the agreement. To start the ball rolling, we will provide you with price lists, catalogues and some samples. Only when you have a thorough knowledge of the marketing possibilities of our products, can we then discuss further details.
Ah, Mrs. Miller, but in this case am I covered?
Oh, yes. We will give you a 5 % commission on every transaction.
All right, but I'll be back again for the Autumn Fair. And then I hope we can see eye to eye about our commission and the terms of the agency.
Very good. We will discuss the matter again at the next Fair.

Excuse me, I’m sorry to trouble you. My name is Susan Ransom, and I have placed several orders with you company.
Yes, Mr. Ransom? This is Karl Miller. How may I help you?
Well, I wonder if you could track an order I placed with you last month. It hasn’t arrived yet.
Certainly, Ms. Ransom. Do you have an order number?

Have you worked out the offers. Mr. Thou?
Yes, we have. Here's our CIF quotation sheet. Please have a careful look.
Are the prices on the list firm offers?
Yes. All the quotations on the list are subject to our final confirmation.
I wonder whether there are any changes in your prices.
All these products are our best-selling lines. The prices of our products will change according to that of the international market demand. And we are always open to negotiate, especially on larger orders.
What do you have in mind?
How long does your offer remain valid?
I need some time to get my supervisors on board with this plan.
I understand. Our offer remains open for 4 days.

Hello sir, may I help you?
Yeah, I accidentally dropped my phone in the toilet.
I see. Well, you have come to the right place. We have over one hundred models of more than twenty leading mobile phone manufacturers.
Sounds good. I don’t want it to be too expensive, maybe something mid-range.
We have this new ETC smart phone.It comes with the Android OS so you can download applications. It also has a built-in camera, mp3 player and touch screen. It works on the 3G network so you have fast access to the internet wherever you are.
What about Wi-fi?
Of course?! You can access the internet from any hotspot as well as from home.
One last thing. Is it waterproof?

We have been over this a hundred times?! We are not getting a pet?!
Why not? Come on?! Just a cute little puppy or a kitty?!
Who is going to look after a dog or a cat?
I will?! I’ll feed it, bathe it and walk it every day?! We can get a Labrador or a German Shepard?!
What if we want to take a vacation? Who will we leave it with? Plus, our apartment is too small for that breed of dog.
Ok. How about we get a cat or a ferret?
We’re planning on having children soon, I don’t think those animals are a good idea with a baby in the house.
Fine?! Let’s get a bird then?! We can keep it in its cage and teach it to talk?! A parrot would be awesome?!
I’ll tell you what, I can get you some hamsters and we’ll take it from there.
Yay?!

Good evening, Mr. Lee and thank you for choosing our airline. We have just discovered that this flight is overbooked. Would you like to volunteer to give up your seat?
Overbooked? Give up my seat? I don’t understand.
From time to time we have a situation in which there are more passengers than there are seats on the aircraft. That’s overbooked.
I know what overbooked is, I just don’t understand how that could happen?
Actually it’s a common practice to overbook, as passengers often don’t take their flight as scheduled. Most of the time there is no problem but today, more passengers arrived than we have seats,
So who has to stay behind?
Well, first we ask for volunteers. If someone like yourself volunteers, they receive a free round trip ticket to be used within one year. If no one volunteers we just have to select someone.
Ok. I’ll volunteer. I could use a free ticket?!

I want to rent this apartment.
I’m glad to hear that. How much are you asking?
You will have to pay $ 1050 every month.
I can’t afford that. What can you afford?
I was thinking $ 800 a month.
I’ll need you to pay more than that. How much more?
How does $ 900 every month sound to you?
I can live with that. We have a deal then.

Good morning, Miss Monica. Nice to meet you again?!
Good morning, Mr. Thomas, it is nice to see you too. After the internal discussion, we have all agreed that you are the most suitable person for this position among all the candidates. So, today let’s talk about your expected salary and social benefits. What is your expected salary?
I’Ve worked in the field for more than 4 years. Depend on my work qualifications and experience, I would like to have 5000 Yuan to start.
The basic salary for your position in our company would be 4800 Yuan to start with increases giving according to your performance.
It is a bit lower than I expected. But I can accept that.
What are the working hours?
40 hours a week, Monday to Friday, 9 AM to 5 PM with one hour lunch break every day..
Do I have to work on weekend? If so, how do you pay for the overtime?
We do expect overtime work when it is necessary, but we pay twice of the work hour for working on weekends and three times for working on national holidays like Spring Festival and the Mid-Autumn Day.
Is there probation?
No probation is involved. If you feel good, you can start next week.

Welcome to the McDonald's. What will it be for you, madam?
One Big Mac and French Fries.
Is there anything else?
Give me one coke, please.
Is this to go or to eat here?
To go, please.
That comes to four dollars and ten cents.
And can I have some ketchup, please?
It's on the service counter over there. Please go to help yourself.

What's the name of this street?
University Street.
Do you know of any banks near here?
You'll see one at the corner on your right.

Hey there, you look a little lost. Are you new here?
Yeah how’d you know?
You can always spot the newbies. I can give you a few pointers if you want. Were you trying to use this machine here?
Yeah?! I just started my training today and I’m not really sure where to begin.
It’s ok, I know how it is. This machine here will work out your upper body, mainly your triceps and biceps. Are you looking to develop strength or muscle tone and definition?
Well, I don’t want to be ripped like you?! I just want a good physique with weights and Carpio.
In that case you want to work with less weight. You can start off by working ten to fifteen reps in four sets. Five kilo weights should be enough. Now it’s very important that you stretch before pumping iron or you might pull a muscle.
Got it?!
Wow is that the weight you are lifting? My goodness that’s a lot of weight?!
It’s not that much. Just watch... I’m ok...

Excuse me.Could you tell me how to return to the Hilton Hotel? I am afraid I lost my way.
Do you have a hotel card or something? Let's see.Yes, I have the address and telephone number here.
Oh, you're staying at the downtown Hilton.Then, you go down two blocks this way and turn left.You' ll find it on the right.
Well, I don't understand it very well.Will you draw me a map?

Excuse me, but could you tell me the way to the railway station?
The railway station? Just go down this street and turn left at the second corner. The station is at the end of that street.
How long will it take me to get there?
It's about a ten-minute walk.
That's very clear. I think I can find my way now. Thank you.
Not at all.

How does the political system work in your country?
We have hundreds of constituencies and the voters in each one elect a member of parliament. Most people call them mp’s.
Each mp belongs to a political party, right?
Almost all of them do. A few are independent. That means that they do not belong to a party.
If one party more than half of the mp’s. they form a government. That means that they choose a prime Finist
What’s a cabinet?
This is a small group of people-perhaps 25 mp’s who are usually ministers. They make all the big decision and discuss laws and policy.
Can any mp make a law?
Any mp can present a law to parliament. The proposed law is debated and voted on. If it is accepted, it becomes law.
I suppose a proposed a law needs the support of the big political parties.
Yes, it does, because they have most of the mp’s. most mp’s vote the way their party wants them to.
How do people choose which party or candidate to vote for?
They produce manifesto. These documents which states their policies. Some people just vote for the same party every time there is an election. Voters who often change the party they vote for are Calle

How was your interview?
Pretty good. The HR manager asked me the usual questions. Then he wondered why I had decided to leave my previous job.
What did you say?
I told him that I hadn’t got a raise for three years. I also told him that one of my best co-workers quitted her job because she had not been promoted for eight years.
Did he want to know the reasons?
Yes. I told him that my boss made some excuses of the recession. But I thought he had a pattern and a record of promoting men only. That’s sex discrimination.
When will you get the reply?
In a couple of days, I was told.
Wish you good luck?!
Thank you.

What qualities do you think a senior executive should possess?
Generally speaking, he needs creativity, the ability to communicate, sense of personal responsibilities, the ability to solve problems and so on.
Do you have all these qualities?
Yes, I have all of them. I am totally competent to be a senior executive.

Hi. I need more amenities, please.
Could you be a little more specific, sir?
Well, to be more specific, the free stuff, like soap, lotion, and shampoo.
I understand. Now, you're saying that you've already used up all your amenities?
Oh, no?! I've got all I need for my stay here.
So, what's the problem?
I need souvenirs?!
You want some souvenirs?!
Yes, yes. Souvenirs.
But, sir, our souvenir shop carries all those items.
That's not the same thing. If you buy hotel souvenirs, they have no sentimental value.
I understand, sir. I'll call housekeeping. You'll have your souvenirs shortly.

Hello, may I help you?
Yes.We' re interested in seeing the rooms for rent.
Oh, how nice.They' re bright rooms and the house is very quiet.
A nice quiet house is exactly what we're looking for.
Well, gentleman.Each room is $ 40 a week if you think that's OK.
That sounds just wonderful to us. When do you want to move in?
How about this afternoon?
Fine. I'll be expecting you around two.

Are you ready to order? May I suggest a veal?
No, I'll have the fish please.
The chicken is also nice.
No, I want the fish.
Our special tonight is lobster.
Thank you, but I prefer the fish.
Perhaps you'd enjoy the lamb.
No, I like the fish.
What ever you say?

Am I ever hungry? When will supper be ready?
It's almost ready. Can you set the table?
All right. Want to taste this dish?
Yeah. Oh, it's delicious?! Really?
Definitely. It's a wonderful meal.
Thank you, Honey. If you like to help me do the dishes, I'll be more dreadful.
I wish I could, but I won't.

Good morning, Kate. Long time no see.
Good morning, Vera, Nice to meet you.
Kate, I know you’Ve been a stewardess for more than one year. And I’ll have an interview on stewardess tomorrow. Can you tell me some etiquette about the interview?
Of course. First you should do up your long hair and do make up but not too thick.
Is there anything else I should pay attention to?
Yes, when you attend the interview, you should pay attention to your manner, style of conversation and expression. You should keep smiling always, being polite when you talk with the interviewer. Don't move from time to time when you sit there. And you also should know how to use eye contact.
Thank you, I've learned so much from you.
That’s all right. Hope you can do better tomorrow.

Can you fix me a cup of tea, Johnny?
Well... uh... how about a glass of juice instead?
No. I'd like tea. Can you put it in my favorite cup? You probably washed it...
Oh, yeah. Well, uh, about your mug... I'll find it...
Where are all the floral pattern plates? And dad's Yankee's mug?

Good morning, sir. May I help you?
Yes, I'd like to settle my bill.
Certainly sir. May I have your room key, please?
Sure. Here you are.
Just a moment, please. I'll draw up your bill for you... Thank you for waiting, sir. Your bill totals two thousand six hundred and fifty-eight yuan, including the phone and laundry.
That much?! Would you mind letting me have a look at it?
Not at all, sir. Here you are.
Thanks. Well, It seems to be right. How much is that in dollars, please?
Just a moment, sir. I'll calculate that for you. It comes to 305 dollars and 52 cents at today's exchange rate.
I see. OK. How would you like to make the payment?
In cash, please.
Here you are.
Thank you, sir... Here is your change. Could you check it, please? Thank you for choosing our hotel. I hope you enjoyed your stay.
By the way, please forward my mail to this address.
Certainly, sir. We hope you have a good trip.

Hi, Sam. I want to buy a pet. Do you have any ideas?
You really should go to Rachel's pet store.
why? anything special there?
it's more than special. You can find as many kinds of animals as you can put a name to and more.
Oh, really? are there any snakes?
snakes? there are even rodents and monkeys?! it's a world of exotic pets.
that's terrific. I can't wait to check it out.
Hang on. are you sure you want to keep a non-traditional pet?
why not? it's so cool.
but it will pose a risk to your health.
pardon?
i mean, most reptiles carry some harmful bacteria. they are likely to cause immune system problems.
well, I didn't realize that. I don't believe it's a good choice to keep those pets, especially for families with young children.
oh, I should have thought of my brother's baby girl. Maybe I'll just have a dog instead of an exotic pet.
yes, good luck, Maria.

I’m a new student. My name’s Robert. Nice to meet you.
My name’s Sophie. Are you French?
Yes, I’m. Are you French, too?
No, I’m not. What nationality are you?
I’m Italian. Are you a teacher?
No, I’m not. What’s your job?
I’m a keyboard operator. What’s your job?
I’m an engineer.

I can’t believe Obama is our President.
I am proud to know that he is our President.
You voted for him, right?
Did you vote for him, because I know that I did.
I did, too. I have nothing but faith in Obama.
Really? I’m sure he will help better America.
We do need some change in this country.
Our country is already changing as it is.
You’re absolutely right. I trust that he will take good care of our country.

Do you have a reservation, sir?
No, I’m afraid we don’t.
I’m sorry the restaurant is full now. You have to wait for about half an hour. Would you like to have a drink at the lounge until there’s a table available.
No, thanks, I’ll come back later. May I reserve a table for two?
Yes, of course. May I have your name, sir?
Bruce
By the way, can we have a table by the window?
we’ll try to arrange it, but I can’t guarantee sir.
That’s fine.
your table's ready, sir? Please step this way.

Do you have coffee shops in China, too?
Yes, of course. There are many tea houses and bars in China, too. People can drink, eat and relax at these places.
You like to go to these places, don’t you?
Yes, sometimes the music there is so beautiful. It is very romantic. I can stay there for hours.
Do you often go there alone?
No, I often go there with my friends.

Hi there?! I am looking for a new car. I have this old Ford Pinto that I would like to trade in.
I see. You are in luck this month because all of our models are on sale?! it is a perfect time to buy a new car since it’s the end of the year.
Perfect?!
I like this one.
That is the Ford Focus. A very light but powerful vehicle. It comes with dual side airbags, power steering and power windows, tinted windows and your choice of either automatic or manual transmission.
Sounds like a good car?! How many miles to the gallon?
It is a very fuel efficient vehicle giving you about 34 miles in the city and 40 on the highway.
That is really convenient. Especially now that fuel prices are so high?!
What’s under the hood?
A very powerful 2.5- liter turbocharged engine, Trust me, this car is fast?!
Now for the most difficult question. What is the price tag for this lovely vehicle?
Very affordable mam. You can take it out of this lot today with 0 % down payment and no interest for the first year?! You can test drive it now and we can sign the papers when we get back.
Great?! Let’s do it?!

I wonder if you could help me, I'm looking for a room.
Well, I have got a vacancy.
What sort of price are you asking?
Eight dolls fifty a week excluding laundry.
Would it be convenient to see the room?
Can you call back later? We're right in the middle of lunch.

Could you give me an expense report? I would like to attach the invoices for my phone bill this season.
Here you are. Do you need glue?
That is very kind of you. I’m just running out of glue.
You’re welcome.

IBA, Jane speaking. How can I help you?
Hello. I'd like to speak to someone regarding my card.
Sorry, I'm not quite sure if I understand. In what way, Sir? Has your card been stolen?
No, no. Nothing at all like that. It's just that I applied for a credit card with you a while ago, my application was accepted, but I'm still waiting for my card.
Oh, I see, Sir. Well, it does take 5 working days to issue and post the card.
Yes, my application was accepted last Friday. Now it's Wednesday, that's more than 5 days.
Sorry, Sir, but it's 5 working days. This does not include weekends, so your card should be with you later this week.
Of course?! How silly of me?! Yes, 5 working days would mean this Friday, at the earliest.
I see. I'm sorry to trouble you.
It's no trouble at all, Sir. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nothing, thanks. I again apologise for the misunderstanding, bye for now.

What can I do for you, sir?
We'd like to order breakfast for tomorrow morning.
Yes, sir. What would you like?
Orange juice, scrambled eggs, bacon, toast and coffee.
OK, and when shall I bring it here?
About seven thirty.By the way, could you also bring me tomorrow's papers?
Of course, sir.

What shall we do when we find a shortage in the shipment?
You should do one of the two things - either to lodge a claim with the shipowner or with the insurance company.
Shall we leave it to the brokers?
Yes. They usually do it. Do they charge for that?
Of course. In Europe, they charge a commission of 1 % of the amount of the claim for their service.
Is it the same in America?
They do the work without charge to the importer. It's part of their service, isn't it?
Exactly. Is it enough to claim with an on board bill of lading?
No, you must also obtain a statement from the shipping agent certifying that the goods were actually loaded on their vessel for shipment.
I see. By the way, how do we prove the ownership of our goods?
You must provide full original set of ocean bills of lading original insurance policy or certificate and the original commercia invoice.
I see. Thank you.
You are welcome.

I'll be on business for a couple of days, could you take care of your sister?
OK, Mum, when will you be back?
I'll be back in ten days.

Passport, please, madam.
Just a minute, please. It's in my bag. Here it is.
Thank you. Please fill out the Baggage Declaration Form.
All right. Shall I enter all my belongings?
No, only the articles listed on the Declaration.

I’m hungry, let’s go grab a bite to eat.
Yeah me too.
Oh?! Can we stop at the shop really fast? I lost my makeup bag at the airport and I want to pick up a few things.
Will you take long?
No?! Five minutes I promise?!
Come on?! We have been here for almost an hour?! I thought you said you were only going to get a few things?! How long does it take you to pick out a lipstick and some nail polish?!
Are you crazy? You have no idea what you are talking about?! Just for my eyes I have to get eye-liner, an eyelash curler, eye shadow, an eyebrow pencil and mascara. Then I need to get foundation, liquid foundation.
Whoa whoa whoa?! Are you nuts? How much is all this going to cost? I’m looking at the price at each one of these little things and it’s outrageous?! This is basically a crayon?!
What about you? You spend as much or more money on your razors, after shave, cologne and gel?! Not to mention how much you spend on clothes and...
Fine?! Get the stupid thirty dollar crayon?!

Can I borrow five bucks?
No?!
Come on?! I'll pay you back on Tuesday.
Last time I lent you money, you never paid me back.
I promise if you lend me five dollars today, I will repay you in full next week.
Ok, but I'm taking your skateboard as collateral.
Fine?! I can't believe you don't trust me.
It's nothing personal, just business.

May I help you, sir?
Yes, please. I'm looking for a cotton polo shirt.
Any particular colour?
Not really. How about this one?
I like the design, but don't particularly care for the colour. Do you have that in other colours, too?
Well, they come in white, pale yellow, aqua, red and green. Will a white one do?
Yes. I prefer white - and may I see a pale yellow one, too?
Why, of course. Let's see... White... Pale yellow. Here you are, sir.

I’m so surprised to meet you in this remote village. Long time no see.
Yeah. How are you these days?

You look terrific and in good shape.
Thank you. How do you keep fit?
I do yoga twice a weeks
Yoga? It sounds interesting.
It was hard at the beginning, but now feel it's really relaxing. It makes me flexible.
Anything else?
Yes, I often go swimming. Are you interested in swimming?
Yes, I like it very much.

Are you going home now?
No, I'm not. What are you going to do? Are you going to work late?
No, I'm not. I'm going to look for an apartment.
An apartment? Why?
I'm going to try to find a place near the office.
Where are you living now?
Out in the suburbs. It's a long trip to work every day.
How are you going to find an apartment?
I'm going to buy a newspaper and check the classified ads.
Apartments in the city are expensive.
I know, but I'm going to enroll in a night school to take a course in business management.

no, no, you helped me with my computer last week. I want to repay the favor.
no, it's definitely my turn to treat you... you paid last time?!
oh, that was just a quick bite to eat---that doesn't count?!
ok, ok, how about we just go Dutch?
It's settled.
Listen, I'm still pretty new around here, would it be alright if you found the restaurant?
ok... sure.

I am waiting for a fax but just now I found there’s something wrong with the fax machine.
What’s wrong with the fax machine? Is it urgent?
Yes, very urgent. And there is no other fax machine around. And the office of our boss is closed, so I can not use his machine either. And his secretary is out. Do you have any suggestion?
Either call this extension number 0085 or ask them to send the fax to you as e-mail, you print it out.

Hey, Jim. It's time to wake up and get out of bed.
Do I have to get up now?
You'd better get up, or you'll be late.
What're you talking about? My alarm even hasn't gone off yet.
Yes, it did. It went off thirty minutes ago. You slept right through it. You're like a dead person while you sleep.
I must have slept right through it.
Rise and shine?! Sleepyhead?!
Just let me sleep five more minutes.
The early bird gets the worm.
I know, I know. But I don't want any worms. Ha?! Ha?!
If you don't make an effort now, later on it'll be a lot tougher for you.

What shall we do tonight?
How about the cinema?
That's a good idea. We haven't seen a film for ages. What would you like to see?
Oh I don't know. Titanic?
Titanic? That old film? but I've seen it before?!

I’Ve been told you might have a vacant room.
Yes. I have a spare room.
How much are you asking?
10.00 dollars a night.
Could I see the room, please?
Sure.Come on in.

Sit down, please. What's wrong with you?
I feel cold, and I'm shivering. I have a terrible headache and a sore throat.
How long have you been like that?
About a day.
Let me have a look at your throat first. Please open your mouth and say " ah ".
Ah... And show me your tongue... Thank you. That'll do. You have slight tonsillitis, and your throat is inflamed. How is your appetite?
Not so good. Now, let me take your temperature. Please put this thermometer under your armpit and let me feel your pulse? Your pulse is weak.
Do I have a temperature, doctor?
Yes, you have a high fever. I'd like to give you a blood test.

Yikes?! What was that noise?
I had to blow my nose.
Did you have to blow right next to the phone? Did you hear that?
Of course I heard that. I thought a plane had crashed into your house.
It wasn't that loud.
I will blow my nose sometime for you, and you'll see.
Okay. I'll take your word for it. I thought you had an elephant in your house.
You're funny.
What did you say? I think I've gone deaf.
I'm going into the bathroom to blow my nose. I'll be right back.

Can I have the check please?
Right away, sir.
Is this amount correct?
Yes, sir, it is.
Thank you, the service was good
Please come again.

Nowadays fewer and fewer people go to the movie theaters to see films. So I am afraid that the film studios are really getting hard time to survive.
What you said is true. But the film producers there are more flexible ways to get more audience. For example, to make more movie Ccds, so people will spend money buying them. But it is true that cinemas are losing the attraction they used to have in the past.
Yes. Take myself for example. I seldom go to cinemas, but it doesn't mean I no longer see films ; instead, I see films at home-watching Ccds.

Okay, well I’m sure you have a number of questions to ask me regarding the position.
Yes, well Miss Childs did give mean overview of the position over the phone, but there were some details I’d like to clarify.
Well feel free to ask me anything, and I’ll try to fill in the details. Could I first ask about the remuneration package?
Yes, of course. That’s quite an important point, isn’t it? As a junior sub editor we offer a starting salary of 150,000 HK dollars per annum. This doesn’t include a generous housing allowance also.
I understand. And are there other bonuses included?
Well, apart from full health insurance we do offer a company staff bonus scheme linked to readership numbers. But we could go through all the details of that at a later date.
Well, Mr. Parsons, I am flexible when it comes to salary. The opportunity to work in Hong Kong for you is the most important thing for me.
Excellent. Well, what other questions do you have Rebecca?

We need to take the accounts system offline to carry out the upgrade. But don't worry, it won't cause too much inconvenience. We're going to do it over the weekend.
How long will the system be down for?
We'll be taking everything offline in about two hours' time. It'll be down for a minimum of twelve hours. If everything goes according to plan, it should be up again by 6 pm on Saturday.
That's fine. We've allowed forty-eight hours to be on the safe side.

Welcome to IBA. Can I help you?
Yes, please. I'm here for an International Settlement. Our company has to effect payment, and it needs to be done today. Here's the advice slip for the payment.
Thanks. I'm sorry to say that you need to get this stamped. There is no stamp on this slip and it is essential before I can process it for you.
I see. So, I need to stamp it. And sign it too?
Yes, that's right. Down here, at the bottom right hand corner to show that you agree to pay the printed amount.
I'll go back to the office and get it sorted and pop back later.
Thanks, bye for now.

That's the warehouse where the large items of office equipment are stored. If I ordered a desk today, how would it be before I got delivery in Scotland?
Well, I think perhaps you'd better speak to our Production Manager, Mr. Yao. You'll meet him when we go over to the factory.

Excuse me. I have just missed the connection plane due to the heavy fog in London. Can I change my ticket now?
Please Show your ticket and passport.
Here you are.
Which flight do you want to change?
The next one to my destination. I have to be there as soon as possible.

Hi, can I speak with the apartment manager, please?
Hello, this is the apartment manager speaking.
I'm calling about the apartment for rent on Main Street.
Would you be interested in seeing the apartment?
I would love to see it.
Are you free today at around 6 p. m.?
Yes, I will be able to make it then.
Well, I'll see you at 6 p. m. Do you know how to get there?
I used to live in that area.
I'll give you an application form when I see you.
That sounds good. Do I need to bring anything?
No. Just bring yourself.

Good afternoon. Welcome to China. May I see your passport, customs and health declaration form?
Yes, here you are.
Thank you. W hat's your occupation, Mr. Smith?
I'm the general manager of the Far-East Industry Corporation. You are here on business, aren't you?
Yes, I have been invited by the East Import
I see. Do you have anything to declare?
Yes, I have some foreign currency to declare.
Would you please fill out this currency declaration form? It's a record of the foreign currency you have brought in.
All right.

How much does it cost for a bus pass?
It'll be $ 65 for a monthly pass.
Is there anything cheaper than that?
If you're in school, you can get a student pass.
Well, I am how much will that cost?
The pass is free.
I don't have to pay for anything?
You'll only have to pay for the monthly sticker.
How much is the monthly sticker?
It's $ 24 for each month.
I'll take the student bus pass.
Okay, I'll get you one.

I see there are some workmen on the site. When is the building work due to start?
Well, it'll take three weeks to demolish the old building and clear away the debris. We should be ready to start the construction work in week 23.
How long will the sub contractors be on site?
About ten weeks in total if everything goes according to plan.
I'm sure it will.
So, we should be able to start moving the machinery in during week 34.
I'll confirm that date with our suppliers.

Andrew's Hair Salon, this is Andrew.
Andrew, this is Linda Chen.
Hi Linda, what can I do for you?
I need to set up an appointment to get my hair fixed.
For what day?
Tuesday morning.

Have you bought a bus pass yet?
I'm not getting one.
Why is that?
It's cheaper if I don't buy one.
Buying a bus pass will save you money. How do you figure that?
There's no limit to how often you can use your bus pass.
Really? Plus, you don't have to use change for the bus anymore.
I like that.
You want to buy one now?
I'm going to.

Are you ready to order, sir?
Yes, I would like a roast duck and my friend wants steaks.
How do you like your steaks?
I'd like it medium-well.
OK, sir, wait a minute.

Hello, I want to know how much it costs to have a manicure and pedicure.
Usually it's 60 dollars for a manicure, and 80 dollars for a pedicure. But with this special discount, the total for both is only one hundred and 20 dollars, and you can get them painted.
That's nice. I'd like to give it a try. I think I like passion red. please.
Alright.Do you want your cuticles cut, too?
No. Would you like the shapes square or round?
Square. But with round at the edges, please.
All right, it's done. Please follow me to the drying section. How long will it take to get them dry?
Ten or about five minutes. You'll be all set.
I see, thank you.

Hello, this is Lucy. May I speak to Mr. Smith?
Oh, hello, Lucy. What's up?
I'm afraid I can't come to work today, Mr. Smith.
Oh, what's wrong with you?
I've got a fever and a very sore throat.
Well, you sound ill over the phone.
Yes. I have to stay in bed today, but I'll be able to come tomorrow.
That's all right. Have a good rest until you feel well enough.
Thank you, Mr. Smith. Goodbye.
Goodbye, Lucy.

Waiter, we have been waiting for 20 minutes. Would you mind hurrying?
I am sorry, sir, the fish you ordered will take a longer time because we make it with fresh fish.
That's fine. Would you please bring me some wine?
Sure, is dry white wine OK?
Yes.
Thank you.

Hi Bob, I won't be in work tomorrow.
Why, what's the problem?
I have a dentist appointment.
Okay.

I've come about your wools. According to our market survey, wools are likely to find a ready market in our country.
Wonderful?! We can meet your requirements and the offer is ready for you. Here it is. The unit price is USD 15.00 per kilogram.
Do you quote CIF or FOB?
It's FOB Shanghai. Could you quote the price of CIF Hamburg?
Certainly, that's easy. We will work out our CIF offer this evening. Could you come again tomorrow, say, at 10 AM?
Okay, see you tomorrow?!

Hi?! Do you want a fill-up?
Yes, please. Which type of gas do you want? Regular, Super, or Premium Unleaded?
What's the price difference?
Regular is $ 1.15, Super is $ 1.25 and Premium is $ 1.39.
Just fill it up with Regular, Unleaded, please. Do you want me to check the tires and the fluids?
Yes, I would. Thanks a lot.

Is your father in the habit of having naps?
Yes, all of us have naps.
Don't you feel dizzy when you have to get up?
No, not at all.

Excuse me. I need some storybooks in easy English. Do you have anything likethat?
Well, there are a lot of storybooks upstairs in our children's section. Some are written for young children, others for teens. Maybe some of them will suit your needs.
I'll go take a look. Thanks for your help.
You're welcome.

Good morning. I need to speak with the property manager, please.
Good morning. You are speaking to the property manager.
While it was raining last night, water started leaking in from the ceiling.
Was it leaking in the bedroom?
It was in the living room.
Can you tell me which floor you are on?
We are on the bottom floor.
I would like to look at the leak. Will you be home this morning?
Yes, someone will be here to let you in.
Just in case you have to leave, we will just use the master key.

How much is your last salary?
I have earned 10,000 a year including bonuses.
How much do you want us to pay you?
I like to be paid more than that. Hopefully, 150,000 a year.
To be honest, I left the company to get more income.

I hope you can help. I've got a bit of a problem with your ATM.
Of course, that's my job. Oh, dear. What's happened?
Well, it's eaten my card?! It won't give it back?!
I see... calm down, don't worry. May I ask what were you doing when it took your card?
Yes. I was only entering my PIN. I'm terrible at remembering it, I'm so forgetful, you see.
Mmmm... and exactly how many times did you enter it, please?
Maybe three times. As I said, I always forget it.
Ah?! Don't worry ; it's just a security measure. If someone uses a card and cannot get the right PIN after three attempts, the bank keeps the card in case it's stolen. Just contact the bank and we'll get it back to you.
Oh, I see. So if I call my branch they can sort everything out for me?
Yes, they'll be happy to help. Believe me, it happens to many people.
I'd better try harder to memorise my PIN in future. Thanks.

Is this the counter to pick up parcels?
Yes, it is. I want to pick up my parcels.
Please show me your parcel order.
OK. Here you are.
Let me check your parcel number. Song Ping's parcel number should be CP 06230221 5 CN.
Here is your parcel.
Thank you.
Not at all.

Hi Brittany. What are you doing with all of your clothes on your bed?
I'm trying to decide what to wear to school the first day.
Oh, A. Mom didn't tell you?
Didn't tell me what?
What? This Bs' school you're going to is going to make your life easy.
What are you talking about brother? Spill it.
Uniforms, sis, no more worrying about appearances?!
You mean I have to wear the same thing every day?
MOM?!

What would you like for your main dish?
Steak, please.
How would you like it?
Medium rare, please.
Anything else, sir? May I have a glass of red wine, please?
Of course.

Mr. Smith, do you like the hotel we booked?
Yes, we do. We like it very much.
I've come to make sure that your stay in Beijing is a pleasant one.
Thank you so much.

David, we have been doing business for three years, haven't we?
Yes, I'm glad we've had very pleasant cooperation in the previous years.
And your achievement for promoting our clothes was great in the three years. So, I wish to apply for the sole agency of your product in our local market. If you give us the agency, that will be more substantial for our cooperation.
To be frank, you are not the only one who applies for an agent for us in your country. I'd like to know some ideas of terms on which you would be willing to operate as our agent.
As we are a well-established company, we are very familiar with the customers' needs. Besides, we can make full use of our good connections with the wholesalers and retailers here and develop a good market for your products if appointed as your agent.
Sounds reasonable. I will tell my boss about you agent application. Another question, what do you think is the minimum annual sales you can guarantee?
To be on the safe side, and for garment of all materials, sizes, and styles, I think the amount will be 50,000 pieces a year.
Well. As our sole agency, you will neither handle the same or similar products of other origins nor re-export our goods to any other area outside your own.
No, certainly not.

Excuse me. I bought this circulator here yesterday but it doesn't work.
Oh, let's see what's wrong.

Where can I find the produce?
Aisle A is where you'll find all the produce.
What sales do they have today?
I'm sure something is on sale. Please check with the produce person.

Hello, this is Steven from Blue Sky Co. May I speak to Mr. James?
Speaking.
Excuse my troubling you. You purchased our products last year and now I am following up to find out about their workings. Are they still in good condition now?
Yeah, exactly?! I bought them last year. En... at present, they are still in good state.
That's it?! All of them have first-class quality and performance. Besides, we adopt advanced technology. Now we have developed new products. They are much better than what you have bought.
Your company is developing so fast. Maybe later on I will plan to buy more.
That's great?! Thanks for your support. If any, please remember to call us.
I am afraid I have to say goodbye now?!
Bye, Mr. James?!
Bye?!

Ms.Dawson, I need you to take a dictation for me.
Yes, sir... This should go out as an intra-office memorandum to all employees by this afternoon.Are you ready?
Yes, sir.Go ahead.
Attention all staff... Effective immediately, all office communications are restricted to email correspondence and official memos.The use of Instant Message programs by employees during working hours is strictly prohibited.
Sir, does this apply to intra-office communications only? Or will it also restrict external communications?
It should apply to all communications, not only in this office between employees, but also any outside communications.
But sir, many employees use Instant Messaging to communicate with their clients.
They will just have to change their communication methods. I don't want any - one using Instant Messaging in this office.It wastes too much time?! Now, please continue with the memo.Where were we?
This applies to internal and external communications.
Yes.Any employee who persists in using Instant Messaging will first receive a warning and be placed on probation.At second offense, the employee will face termination.Any questions regarding this new policy may be directed to department heads. Is that all?
Yes.Please get this memo typed up and distributed to all employees before 4 pm.

Do you have everything?
Let's see... my ID card, my passport, and my suitcase. I'm pretty sure I've got everything.

This is Dunlin. Is this Mrs Smith speaking?
Yes, what can I do for you?
I just want to call and say thank you for letting me interview yesterday.
You are welcome, Mr. Sun.
And I also want to know what the status is of the position.
Sorry, we haven't made the decision at all. But we should be making the decision by the end of this week. And we'll get in touch with you once we make it.
Do you have any questions we didn't cover in the interview?
No. Thank you, I am looking forward to hearing from you. Bye-bye.
Thank you for the calling. Bye-bye.

I often sneeze after having a bad itch inside my nose. Sometimes this is accompanied by an itching throat.
Any other discomfort?
Yes. Sometimes I can notice a constriction in the chest and shortness of breath after a fit of sneezing. And I often suffer from a running nose with a profuse watery discharge.
Does it occur seasonally or all year round?
It has been seasonal during these past three years.
Are you sensitive to other things?
Yes, things like seafood and penicillin-type drugs.
OK. Let me examine your nose. According to your case history and the examination, I believe that it's allergic rhinitis.
What useful treatment can you offer?
I'll give you a series of specific skin tests. Then we'll know exactly what substances you're allergic to. Then I'll give you some causes of desensitization therapy.

Miss, would you like to try this free sample of our new suntan cream?
Sure, why not?
This is a new product of company this year. It's oil-free.
I see. It feels very light on the skin.
It gives your skin a very natural healthy look. I like the cool smell, too.

So how can I make it?
First you make a list of what you wanna buy...
But I’Ve gotta have the budge before anything else.
Well, that’s a problem, isn’t it?

Did you have a part-time job when you were still in school?
No, I was way too busy studying all the time. How about you?
Yeah, I worked about twenty hours a week in a pizza restaurant.
What was that like?
It was always very busy there. What did you do?
I stood behind the register and took pizza orders.
Did you get any perks on the job?
Yeah, I got to eat as much pizza as I could for free.

Okay. I'd like to change some euro into US dollars, please.
Sure. How much would you like to change?
Six hundred euro.
Very good. May I see your passport?
Here you are.
How would you like your bills?
In fifties please.

Why are you reading the classifieds? What do you need?
I'm looking for a bookcase, but I don't want to buy a new one.
Are you having any luck?
Not really. There aren't any used bookcases listed. But there are a few rummage sales on Saturday. I think I'll go to them.
Do you mind if I go with you?
Not at all. These private sales are great places to bargain. And sometimes you can find terrific things among all the junk.
I learned to negotiate from my mother. I thought I was pretty good at bargaining, but I had a problem the other day at Kimble's Department Store.
What happened?
I wanted to buy a beautiful wool sweater for my girlfriend. It was priced at forty dollars, so I started by offering the salesclerk thirty.

Do you do a lot of your shopping online?
Not really. I like looking on the internet at what’s available, but I usually prefer to actually see and touch what I’m buying before I pay for it. Sometimes, I’ll look at something in a shop, but lat No. I’m a little worried about security. You never know who’s trying to find out your codes and passwords. Aren’t you worry about that?
Not really. I know that it happens, but if you buy from reputable companies with secure websites, you should be ok.
Even though I use online shopping facilities, I don’t think it’s the best way to sho
I’m surprised to hear you say that. I thought you loved anything technological.
I do. I’m a big fan of using new technology, but I don’t want to sit in front of a computer screen all day. I think people need to get out and interact with other people. So, how about coming to the department store with me? I want to see if there are any new summer clothes on sale yet.
Sure. I’d love to join you. Can we stop by the computer store? I just want to see if they have something.
Sure. While you’re in the computer store. I will visit the book store opposite. I like to browse through their books and see if they have anything interesting.
Ok. I’Ve finished online. Let’s go.
I’ll just get some money and my credit card.
Thanks for reminding me. I had forgotten to get mine.

Please help yourself at your dishes. I hope you’ll enjoy what you’Ve got.
It suits my taste. You are really a good cook.
Would you like to try my special recipe?
Wow, let me try. It tastes nice.
How did you make it?
It’s as easy as pie. I always follow recipes.

Mr. Dick. Does the recommendation of the university play an important role?
Yes. In fact, the recommendation letter written by the university is an indirect self-recommendation. In the long period of cooperation, the university has established good relationship with the companies or organizations, they trust each other well. If your university recommends you, you can be approved more easily.
But I find that most of the recommendation letters written by universities are the same. So I doubt its authority.
More and more persons have the same discoveries since most universities do that in order to save energy. If your university also does like this, you can look for other methods, because such kinds of recommendations say nothing for you. Could you tell me whether or not I send out my resume with it?
It depends. If it has something special or useful, I suggest you send it out.

Taylor, can you tell me how to apply for a job on the Internet?
Just fill out an application. Do I have to send an E-mail?
You are expected to know the E-mail address of the unit.
But I still don't know which unit is in need of staff. Send out an application through Job-wanted on the website.
Can any unit see my information?
It's a two-way choice. And your application will be read.
Which websites offer this service?
Sina, 21st Century Talent Net, and a few others.
Thank you.

Don’t throw your weight around. I can’t bear you any more.
I dare you to say that again.

Were you a leader when you were in college?
Yes. I was Propaganda department minister of our university.
Did you get any honors or awards at your university?
No. It’s a pity about it.
Were you involved in any club activities at your university?
Yes. I was a member of the basketball Society. I like playing basketball.
What extracurricular activities did you usually take part in at your college?
I sometimes played basketball and sometimes played football.

You want to argue your ticket today?
Yes. That is why I'm here.
Tell me your argument.
I was pulled over for allegedly speeding.
Are you sure you weren't speeding?
To be honest, I really wasn't.
What speed were you going?
I was under the speed limit. I was going 35, when the speed limit was 40.
I'm just going to let you go, since the arresting officer isn't here.
What about my ticket? Do I still need to pay?
Don't worry about it.
I'm so glad for your help.

Annie, do you like shopping online?
Yes, I like it, because it's convenient. Last week, I tried to buy a new cellphone online, but I didn't know how to pay for it.
First, you should open an account at the online bank. After that, you can buy anything you want online.
Are there many things online?
Sure. You can find everything all over the world. Let's check it out online?!
( They log in a shopping website. ) That's amazing. Oh, an on line virtual supermarket? Let's click to check it out. Oh, I got it. It simulates the real supermarket, which makes it feel so real.
Mom will love it. She loves shopping in supermarkets.

Ah, Bob. Just the person I wanted to see.
So what is it?
You gotta help me out this time, buddy.
Another tough thing, I guess.

Hey?! What happened??! My song was only half way through and it skipped to the next song.
I don't know what happened?! You cancelled the song, didn't you, Jack?
No, I didn't.
Really?! Then, is the machine broken or...

Good evening, Do you have a reservation?
Yes. The reservation under Mr. Watson.
Ah, yes, a table for four at 8 Em, no, thanks. I think we'll go straight to the table, By the way. may I check my overcoat here?
Certainly, sir. We'll keep it in the cloakroom for you. Here is your number. When you leave, show it to the waiter behind the counter, please.
Thank you. Could you show us to our table now? Would you please follow me, please?
Thank you. This is your table. It's Number 10.

Hello, ma’am. Can I help you? I’m looking for a sweater.
What size are you looking for?
Well, I’m looking for size 10 but you don’t have it.
How about this one? I think it looks terrific on you.
Yes, I like the color. Can I try it on?
Sure. The fitting room is on your right.
It fits well. I like it a lot. What do you think?
You look pretty in red.
Oh, it’s my favorite. How much is it?
$ 29.99.
Okay. I’ll take it. Thank you very much for your help.
You’re welcome.

Do you have any cars available?
We have only one mid-size car left.
Great, what's the rate per day?
It's 40 $ plus tax per day on limited mileage.
I'm going to need it for three days. Can I see your driver's license?
Sure, here is my driver's license.
Please sign here.

Are you ready to order? I think that we have a pretty good idea of what we would like to order.
Let me tell you about the specials of the day, which are chicken in a wine sauce with capers, and grilled garlic shrimp.
I was wondering if the chef could leave off the sauce.
The chef would be happy to accommodate your special requests.
I am a vegetarian. Do you have any vegetarian selections?
You could choose the roasted vegetable and garlic pizza or the goat cheese and candied walnut salad.
I think that we will split the roasted vegetable and garlic pizza.
That is a good selection, and I can bring your salads now or serve them with your entree.
You can bring us our salads when you bring us our entree.

I can't open this email attachment our Paris office has sent me. Are you sure you're using the right program?
Well, yes it's definitely the same program but I might have the wrong version. Their system is newer than ours.
That's why you can't open it. You'll have to upgrade before you can read the file.

What kind of character do you think you have?
Generally speaking, l am an open-minded person.
What is your strongest trait?
Cheerfulness and friendliness.
How would your friends or colleagues describe you?
They say Mr. Sun is a friendly, sensitive, caring and determined person.
What personality do you admire?
I admire a person who is honest, flexible and easy-going.
How do you get along with others?
I get on well with others.

Hi, I need to make an appointment to see the doctor.
What seems to be the problem?
I have a rash that I need a doctor to look at.
Do you have a fever with that rash?
No, it just itches a lot.
I have openings on Tuesday or Wednesday. Which would be best for you?
I need an appointment on Tuesday.
Fine, I am putting you down for 9
I would like to see Dr. Jones.
I can schedule you with him with no problem.
We look forward to seeing you.

Wow?! What's the hold up?
It’s probably just people trying to get an early start out of the city for the weekend. Nobody sticks around in the summer.
Really? Then, I guess I won’t have a hard time finding a room or getting a cab?
Actually, you might because there’s a big convention in town this weekend.
I’m not too worried about it. I always seem to find something.

Hello, how can I help you today?
I'd like to withdraw some money from my account.
Please fill out this slip stating how much you wish to withdraw.
Well, actually, it's quite a substantial amount. Here's my Bank Book. Will that cause a problem?
On your account there is no limit to over the counter withdrawals, it won't cause a problem.
Here's your money, 10,000 RIB. Please count it before you leave.
Yes, that seems to be all in order. Thanks very much.

Quality is very important to us. We work to very low tolerance levels. We need to have guaranteed supplies of consistently high quality raw materials. Over the years we've built up very good relationships with our suppliers.
Do you have many different suppliers?
Yes. There are about fifty names on our approved supplier list, but for raw materials we tend to deal with three local companies.

Mary, can you tell me how you keep in shape?
You'll never be in shape until you eat less and take more exercise. Now, tell me what you often eat.
I often eat fish and eggs. Do you eat a lot of vegetables?
Oh yes, and fruits. I love fruits very much.
What do you like to drink?
Well, I never drink alcohol, coffee or tea. Whatever would you like to drink?
I drink a lot of milk. I drink milk almost every day. How often do you exercise?
Well, I walk every day. It's a good diet and a regular exercise.
Yes, quite right.

I am sorry, but I cannot stay for the rest of class today.
Why do you need to leave early?
I don’t feel so good. What doesn’t feel right?
I feel as if I am going to be sick to my stomach.
Perhaps you should get checked out at the Student Health Center before you go home.
I have some medicine at home that I could take.
Are you going to be OK to drive home, or would you like someone to go with you?
Thank you, but my friend is in the library, and he can give me a ride home.
We hope that you are feeling better soon. E-mail me if you have any questions.

Your boyfriend is so considerate to you. When do you plan to marry?
It’s still up in the air. There is something wrong between us.

We're considering of ordering 200 computers, but I'm wondering about the price you'll possibly offer.
Our price will be not less than $ 5000.
Your price is higher than I expected. Could you give us a little discount?
This is already our best price. But the price is always negotiable and you should consider our quantity of order.
Well, what would you suggest? Could you make it $ 4500?
I'm afraid that there is no room to negotiate the price. This is the best price we can quote.
Can we meet each other half way?
What do you mean? Let's close the deal at $ 4800, OK?
You drive a hard bargain?! OK, that's a deal.

I'm now on the Songshan airport getting ready for departure. I realized that I might have left my watch.
Yes, Ma'am. May I have your name and room number?
My name is Terry. I stayed last night in your hotel in room 132. What kind of watch is it?
It's a brand-new Seiko wrist watch.
Yes, we have it.
Oh, I'm glad to hear that. Would you kindly send it to the Hilton Hotel?

What are your thoughts on the apartment?
I think that it’s absolutely gorgeous.
There aren’t any problems with the apartment?
I think that the apartment looks very nice, but I do see some problems.
What problems?
I did notice a few stains in the carpet.
We will have the carpet cleaned before you move in.
You will?
Yes, but other than that, are there any more problems?
That was the only thing that I saw that was wrong with the apartment.
I’m happy that you find this apartment so appealing.
It is. I love it.

That China-gown of Tang-Dynasty style is so beautiful. Would you show it to me, please?
Absolutely. Here it is.
Could I try it on?
Please do, the fitting-room is over there.
It feels a little tight around the waist. Do you have a bigger one?
I'm sorry. We don't have this color in your size. We have some green ones in your size. Would you please have a look at this green one?
OK. How much does it cost?
It's 486 yuan.
Mmm, it is reasonable.

Mrs. Wang, would you give us an idea of the price you regard as workable?
As I said before, your price is so high that we find it difficult to make a bid. We hope you will take the initiative and bridge the gap.
Just to comply, we're ready to reduce the price by 5 percent. I hope this concession of ours will get the ball rolling.
So do we. Certainly it's a step forward on your side. But the gap is still too wide.
The ball is in your court, Mrs.Wang. What price would you suggest?
To make your offer workable, I think you should take another step down as big as the one you've just taken.
That won't do. You see, our profit margin is very narrow. It simply can't stand such a big cut.
I hate to disappoint you, Mr. Brown, but if that's the case, we have no alternative but to cover our requirements elsewhere.
Do think it over, please. We sincerely hope our discussion will come to a successful conclusion.
Well, I'm not authorized to agree to such a big reduction. Would you mind waiting a day or two, until I get a reply from the home office?
Not at all. Shall we meet again, say, on Friday morning?
Good. Friday morning at 9.

Good morning. Good morning.This is Mary.Can I speak to Anne please?
I’m sorry She isn’t in at the moment. She will come back at half past nineCan I take a message for her?
Thank you.But I will call her later
OK.Goodbye.
Goodbye.

Hi, Jane. How are you doing this morning?
I’m all right, thanks. Just a little tired.
Late night?
Yeah, I got home around two.

We've been waiting here for nearly ten minutes now, and there still isn't a bus in sight. I'm afraid we'll be late for the party. Have you got the time, Tom?
Yes, my watch says a quarter to seven. but there is something wrong with my watch?!
But you bought it only last month.
Yes, but ever since I bought it, it gains about five minutes a day, so I' Ve got to have it repaired.
How long will it take us to get there?
I think about ten minutes by bus.
It's not far away, then. Let's walk, it's beginning to rain.
Wait?! I think I see a bus coming now.
Let's hope it's the No. 22 bus.

Hi, Mr. Smith. I'm Doctor Hawkins. Why are you here today?
I found it would be a good idea to get a check-up.
Yes, well, you haven't had one for 5 years. You should have one every year.
I know. I figure as long as there is nothing wrong, why go see the doctor?
Well, the best way to avoid serious illnesses is to find out about them early. So try to come at least once a year for your own good.
Ok. Let me see here. Your eyes and ears look fine. Take a deep breath, please. Do you smoke, Mr. Smith?
Yes.
Smoking is the leading cause of lung cancer and heart disease, you know. You really should quit.
I've tried hundreds of times, but I just can't seem to kick the habit.
Well, we have classes and some medications that might help. I'll give you more information before you leave.
Ok, thanks doctor.

Good afternoon. Mr. Tylor's office?
I'm afraid you've got the wrong extension.
I'm sorry, but could you please transfer this call to Mr. Tylor's office?
Sure, please hold on.
Thank you. Now Mr. Tylor's on the line. Go ahead, please.
You are so kind, you helped me a lot.
You are welcome. Bye?!

Good afternoon, Lexington Software. Angelina Dawson, how can I help?
Hello, this is Quinn from IBA.
Ah, hello Quinn. Oh dear, you are calling to tell me there is a problem, aren't you?
I'm afraid so, yes.
Hmm... well, it was my first attempt?! Is it a very big mistake, or can we just alter it?
Unfortunately it's rather a big mistake.
What do you recommend we do?
I would recommend we scrap this one and you bring in another set as soon as possible.
I trust your judgement. Thank you, Quinn. I'll be back tomorrow with a new set. Bye for now.

Oh?!?!?! I have a horrible toothache.
You should go to the dentist.
I hate dentists.
Well, suffer then. If you have a toothache, you have to go to the dentist. It always hurts.
I hate going.
Stop being such a baby. If it really hurts that much, just let them knock you out.
O. K., O. K., I’ll go.
Good. You'll feel better after you do.

Hi, I would like to purchase a one way ticket to Brussels, please.
Certainly sir, this is our train schedule. We have an express train departing every morning and an overnight train that departs at nine pm.
How long does it take to get there?
About twelve hours. We currently have tickets available only for first class on the express train. If you’d like, you can choose a sleeper on the overnight train which is a bit less expensive.
Yeah, I think that is the best option. Do you serve food on the train? Twelve hours is such a long time?!
Yes, of course. There is a dining car towards the front of the train where they serve meals at all times. We do provide complimentary water and coffee for all of our passengers.
Great?! I’ll take it. Here you are sir. Your train leaves from platform number nine at nine on the dot. Remember to be here at least thirty minutes before your scheduled departure time or else you might miss your train?!
I understand. Thank you very much?! Have a great trip.

I would like to take a trip to the beach this weekend.
A trip to the beach would be fun. How is the weather going to be?
The forecast says that it will be warm on the weekend.
So do you think it'll be perfect weather for the beach?
It sounds like it will be. I really hope it doesn't get cold. That would ruin things, I want to go so badly.
The weather in California is unpredictable, so you never know.
That is true. The weather is constantly changing. It would be nice if the weather would never change.
That would be great, then we could plan things sooner. True.
Predictable weather would make life easier.

Some companies use to ban dating among employees, but now they have realized it is something in avertable. People spend so much time at work. It is not surprising for one to have a crash on the other. If we think positively, office love can be beneficial to company.
Beneficial? I don’t think so. If two employees get married, they will leave at the same time for a honeymoon, or later one of them will stay at home taking care of babies. If they break up, the company will probably have to relocate one of them to make the workplace more comfortable. By any means, the company must spare extra efforts to solve problems brought by an office dating.
But if two employees are in love, they will be happy. Happy people are more productive. If they develop an intimate relation with each other, they are willing to share knowledge and experience. It can help to improve work efficiency.
I doubt that.

Do you eat a lot of healthy food?
Compared with healthy food, unhealthy food just tastes so much better. And anyway, I believe if you live a low stress Life and are active, you can get away with eating whatever you like. It's all in the mind.
You have the point. I think cancer is caused by more worry than by the things we consume. Some good things you should try are cranberry juice, wild rice and yoghurt.
What's special about these things?
Cranberry juice is very good for destroying harmful bacteria in your guts because it's very acidic. Wild rice is high in fibre so it's good for your guts and it's high in protein and minerals-I think it's also tastier than normal rice. Yoghurt's good because it's also rich in protein, vitamins and is also acidic. People have been making yoghurt for thousands of years and if you have it every day, your guts will be much more settled.
Thanks. I'm going to follow your advice and pop down to the supermarket right now.

I've been so tired recently. I've been trying, but I don't think I'm up to this job.
You need to take a break, maybe a vacation. Oh, yes, indeed. I've run out of steam.
To be honest, I want to be in a different environment.
Is that so?
Yes, I don't want to be stuck in a rut. I want to move on.
Have you decided?
Yes. I want to get a better job.
Could you tell me why you want to quit?
I quit just because of the dissatisfying salary and the trouble in getting along with my colleagues.
Oh, that's terrible. Do you want to get a higher salary in our company?
I'm afraid not. I've promised my girlfriend. We'll travel southwards to find a job that offers higher pay.
OK, I'd like to say that I've really enjoyed working with you. However, I think you should work harder for your new job and then you can ask for higher pay.
Thank you so much for your advice. And every best wish for your new job.
Thank you.

The train is leaving. Hurry up?! Which car are we in?
Let me see. Oh, No. 11. Here we are, Car 11. Let's get in.
Seats No. 20 and 21. It’s nice that we’Ve got a window seat.
Let's put our suitcases on the rack.
Oh, the baggage rack is full. Put them under the seat for the time being.
All right.

So, how should we get to the theatre? Let's take the bus.
I hate the bus system in London?! The bus drivers are rude, the buses are never on time, and there are few people around who can help you.
It's not that bad. You probably just had a bad experience once.
It wasn't just once. Every single time I take the bus, something bad happens to me or to someone else on the bus.
We could take the subway, but we'd have to go three stops along one line and then change trains twice. Train fares are twice as expensive as the bus fare, too.
If we don't hurry up, we'll miss the show. Should we take the bus?
We're already late, so I think we had better take a taxi.
I don't think we'll be able to find a taxi very easily during hush hours. Let's just take the bus.
Fine. Have a look at the timetable to find out when the next one arrives.
It looks like it should be here in just a few minutes. don't worry. Nothing bad will happen. I'll even buy your ticket for you.
Thanks, that was nice of you.
See, now something good has happened to you on a bus trip?!

Let's go over this plan again. From Vancouver, we bike along the border all the way to Winnipeg. And that is mostly flat, right?
Relatively, once we're out of Alberta, anyway. Then it's hills again in Aitoba.
And from Winnipeg we go around the lakes through Toronto, right?
That's right. And up in to Quebec. And that's where we stop.
It doesn't sound like that much when we go over the plan but that's a long, long ride. Are you ready for the cross country of a lifetime?

Good morning, sir. What can I do for you?
I'm Bill. I'm in Room 908. Can you change the room for me? It's too noisy. My wife was woken up several times by the noise the baggage elevator made. She said it was too much for her.
I'm awfully sorry, sir. I do apologize. Room 908 is at the end of the corridor. It's possible that the noise is heard early in the morning when all is quiet.
Anyhow, I'd like to change our room.
No problem, sir. We'll manage it, but we don't have any spare room today. Could you wait till tomorrow? The American People-to-people Education Delegation will be leaving tomorrow morning. There'll be some rooms for you to choose from.
All right. I hope we'll be able to enjoy our stay in a quiet suite tomorrow evening and have a sound sleep.
Be sure. I'll make a note of that. Everything will be taken care of. And if there is anything more you need, please let us know.

It's time for bed.
I'm not ready to go to sleep. I'm not tired.
It's quite late, and you have an early day tomorrow.
I'm not going to be able to fall asleep.
Why don't you try counting sheep?
I've tried that before. It really doesn't work.
That's beside the point, you still need to go to bed.
Why can't I just stay up until I fall asleep?
If I let you do that, then you're just going to be up all night.
I promise I'll go to sleep soon.
No, you're going to sleep now, so good night.
See you in the morning.

I see myself as being honest, diligent, persevering and creative. And I have a strong sense of responsibility.
How about your psychological resilience?
I think I can work well under pressure, if necessary.
How would you deal with those who are not easy to get along with?
I will just be sincere and friendly to others, and I believe they will treat me the same way.
You seem to be a kind-hearted lady.
Thank you. I simply believe the goodness of human nature.
Please tell me your weaknesses if you can.
I should admit that sometimes I care too much about the details. I am always in pursuit of perfection.

Karen? I need to go over a few things with you.
Certainly. Mr. Graham. When would you like to meet?
I was thinking about this afternoon, after the sales meeting.
Fine. At 3:30?

I believe we' Ve met before. My name's David.
Yes, at your company, I think. I'm Frank.
Oh, I remember now.Very nice to meet you again.
Nice meeting you, too.

I made my little brother cry.
Shame on you?!

I need some mascara. Do you have good thickening mascara?
Of course. Here is our thickening mascara. We also have mascara designed to lengthen the eyelashes.
Alright. And I want to consider your eye shadow too. Do you have a color chart can look at?
We have a very wide selection of colors. And our eye shadow is specially designed to moisturize the skin. So it is very gentle on your eyelids. Would you like to sample some?
Oh, sure I will need to clean off my own eye shadow first.
I can help you with that.
Thank you.

Is this the baggage claim area for flight KB256?
Yes, we are on the same plane.
But I am a transfer passenger. I have a connecting flight to Miami.
So you have to bring your baggage to the transfer check-in area.
Yes.It' s quite troublesome. Why not go and find a porter?

Billy, you don’t look too well. Maybe you should take the day off school.
But Mom?! Today we’re playing football?! I love football?!
You’Ve got a fever and playing football isn’t a good idea for a boy with a fever.
What’s that on your arm?
I don’t know. It was there when I woke up this morning.
It’s rash. I’d better take you to see the doctor.
How did you get that bruise on your leg?
I bashed it against the chair in my room.
Does it hurt?
A little, but not much. Here. Put this wet towel on your face to keep your temperature down. I’ll take you to the doctor’s after breakfast.
If I’m better this afternoon, can I go to school?
If you are better, but I doubt you will be.

This is your schedule.
You're going out of your way for us, I believe.
You are our honored guests.

Are there any vacancies still available?
Yes. We need a plumber here.
I am looking for a job that is more advanced than that, such as sales manager or regional manager.
I am sorry. They are not available now.

My name is Mary, and I will be your waitress tonight.
Thank you, Mary. We have been looking forward to trying out this restaurant.
Before your main course, would you like to order an appetizer?
Sure, that sounds great. Where are your appetizers listed?
There is a special appetizer menu right here in the center of the table.
The chicken and cheese quesadilla looks good. Is that pretty good?
You know, that is one of my favorites?!
OK, I'll take one order of that.
You could choose another appetizer for half price to share.
Perfect?! Please add on an order of onion rings.

I am waiting for a fax but just now I found there's something wrong with the fax machine.
What's wrong with the fax machine? Is it urgent?
Yes, very urgent. And there is no other fax machine around. And the office of our boss is closed, so I can not use his machine either. And his secretary is out. Do you have any suggestion?
Either call this extension number 0085 or ask them to send the fax to you as e-mail, you print it out.

I would like to speak to you, if you don’t mind.
What would you like to speak to me about?
I would like to talk to you about this year’s election.
Is that right? I am a volunteer for this year’s campaign.
That’s wonderful. I am impressed at someone so young taking a stand. I know history is about to be made, and I would like to be a part of it.
That’s fantastic. Are you planning on voting?
I’m going to vote. Go to your polling place early on Election Day.
I will.
Good luck with your volunteering.

We hope that there will be no repetition of this kind of trouble in the future.
Yes. I promise it will not happen again.
We look forward to your settlement at an early date.
We will inform you as soon as possible.

Hello, Steven. How do you get along with your job?
Actually, I learn many things from it. I find that I am a quick learner in new things.
Practice makes perfect. By the way, what do you learn from your job?
At first I didn't know anything about the machine. Now I know how to operate it. Besides, the work gives me a sense of fulfillment and achievement.
Yeah, you are a good learner. I must commend you for your good performance.
Thank you. That's a long way to go for my job.
I appreciate your effort very much. The coffee break is over ; it's about time we set to work.
OK, let's go.

Where on earth are we?
Judging by all the traffic, I'd say we're near the outskirts of the city.
What did I do wrong? Did I take a wrong turn?
I'm not sure, but I think you turned right when you should have turned left on the flyover bridge.
Well, now we should turn back a few kilometres. It seems that the traffic sign is much more important than the map.

Hello. Front desk.
Yes. This is Bob Robinson. I’m calling from room number 627.
Hi, Bob. What can I do for you? Is it possible to change to another room?
Could you please tell me why? My room is facing the swimming pool. It’s noisy for me. I have a problem sleeping. And I feel uncomfortable when I take an elevator.
So you need a quiet side room on the lower floor.
You’re right. Okay. Let me check for a room on the first floor.
Thank you.
I’Ve only two rooms on the first floor. How about room 108?
That’s fine. Can I move now?
Sure. I’ll send the bellman to help you.
Oh, thank you kindly.
You’re welcome.

How long will it take for our order to be delivered?
Let's see. You are importing fifty containers of textiles from China. They should be able to place your order before the end of next week. It will take 2 days for shipping to the port city of Ningpo. The freight will take 3 weeks on the open ocean and will arrive in Los Angeles approximately a month from today. Domestic shipping will be your responsibility, you can make arrangements with the pier in Los Angeles.
Fine, we will handle domestic shipping, but what about customs? Will we have to pay tariff on our imports?
I hope we don't run into any problems with the border control.
No, the Chinese company has that all worked out. With the paperwork you receive with the shipment, you should be good to go.

Now you're my boss, Mr. Henry. Do you have any other particular conditions that you would like the company to take into consideration?
No, nothing in particular. You may ask questions about us, if you have any.
All right. When can I start?

What are you doing here today?
I would like to fight my ticket.
Is the arresting officer in the courtroom today?
Yes, the officer is here today. What's your case?
I was pulled over for running a red light, but I never did.
Do you believe that the officer lied?
There was a camera on the signal. So, he was obviously lying.
Your license plate was caught on camera?
A picture of my license plate was never taken.
Since there is no picture of your license plate on record, I'm going to let you go.
Thank you. I'm glad that you believe me.

Hey Joe, what are you doing in this department store?
Hi, Rita, I'm just looking for a pair of shoes. I won't be here for long.
Why not? When I go shoe shopping, I have so many options for sneakers that I spend awhile looking at all of the choices.
That's my problem. I don't have a lot of options. What do you mean?
This is a big store, isn't it?
Yes, but I have unusually big feet. That wouldn't be too much of a problem except that they're also very wide, and only a few brands sell shoes that I can fit into.
So how do you usually go about buying shoes, then?
Well, first of all, I can only go to certain stores that can guarantee me a large selection.
Well, you're in the right store. If they don't have it, no one will.
After that I choose something from one of the few brands that I know will fit me. I prefer white, so I ask them to bring me a pair of white sneakers in my size. Since I’m usually only given one or two pairs of shoes that meet my qualifications, it makes it a very easy choice.

what shall we do after the volleyball match?
how about going to the Olympic souvenir store to have a look? I remember there is one in the gym.
that's a good idea. I was thinking of buying some gifts for my family. me, too.
What did you have in mind?
I haven't decided yet, but I think the Olympic Mascots are a must.
I agree. They're very lovely, especially " Huan Huan ".
is that the red one? That is my favorite, too. Do you know how much they are?
the five dolls are sold together as a set, and they're priced according to the size. The bigger they are the more expensive.
oh, I see. If I buy more than a set, can I get any discount?
I don't think so. All the souvenirs of the Olympic Games are very hot right now.
any other ideas?
there are lots of things, such as postcards, key chains, posters and various arts and crafts.
it all sounds great. We can go there after the match. I can't wait to see what they have.

Mom?! I hate eating vegetables?!
You don’t have to eat them. I don’t mind.
Thanks mom?! Can I have dessert now? I love chocolate cake?!
No dessert for you unless you eat all your vegetables.
But I don’t like them?! It’s not fair?!
You can have some fruit for dessert. If you eat an apple and a banana, I might let you have a small piece of chocolate cake.
Ok... actually, I don’t mind eating peas and carrots, buy I hate broccoli and cauliflower.
I’ll remember that for next time. You’ll get extra peas and carrots, buy no broccoli or cauliflower. OK?
Thanks mom?!

It was very kind of you to give me a tour of the place. It gave me a good idea of your product range.
It’s a pleasure to show our factory to our customers. What’s your general impression, may I ask?
Very impressive, indeed, especially the speed of your NW Model. That’s our latest development. A product with high performance.
We put it on the market just two months ago. The machine gives you an edge over your competitors, I guess.
Certainly. No one can match us as far as speed is concerned.
Could you give me some brochures for that machine? And the price if possible.
Right. Here is our sales catalog and literature.
Thank you. I think we may be able to work together in the future.

Is the factory fully-automated?
Not completely. Our production process is partially-automated. We use robots on the production line for routine assembly jobs but some of the work is still done manually.
What about supply of parts to the production line?
Well, the parts are automatically selected from the store room using a bar-code system. And there is an automatic feeder which takes them to the conveyor belt at the start of the production line.
What about the smaller components?
They're transported to the workstations on automated vehicles - robot trucks - which run on guide rails around the factory.

I'm glad you're on your ten-year reunion planning committee.
Yeah, you get the TV to yourself while I spend my nights surfing the Net for missing classmates. That's not why. This way I can see how you guys do this sort of thing.
I guess. Don't you have reunions in Taiwan?
Definitely. Every year. But just for our forty-person class. Ours are for everyone that graduated in the same year.

What does your job involve?
I'm the Project Manager so I have to make sure our projects run smoothly. I work with three Project Engineers. They take care of after-sales service and look after the maintenance side of the business.

How many languages can you speak?
Besides Chinese, I can speak English and French. You mean you can read and write both of them?
No, I can only carry on a simple conversation in French.
Can you read and write English well?
I can speak the language better than read and write.
Do you speak the language well enough to communicate with people of English-speaking countries?
I think so. I used to be an interpreter. Do you think your English is good enough to do desk work?
The amount of English I know enables me to do general desk work. I believe what I know is sufficient to work in an American firm.

What can I get for you? Here is the menu.
Let me have a look. Well, how many kinds of steaks do you have?
We have sirloin steaks, pepper steak, and filet steak.
Is there something go with the filet steak?
Yes, we have various sauces.
What about the gravy?

Are you ready to go shopping?
Just a minute. I need to make a list of thinks that we need.
Good idea. Have you written down potatoes, carrots, and onions?
I don’t have onions on my list. I’ll add them. We should get some tea. Is green tea ok or should we get the same tea that we usually get?
Let’s get both. We need some coffee too. Is that on your list?
Yes, it is. Here’s my list. Is there anything that I’Ve forgotten?
I think you’Ve got everything. I want to got some chocolate and some cheese.
What kind of cheese do you want.
I’m not sure. I’ll decide at the cheese counter, when I can see what they have.
Have we got enough money?
We don’t have enough cash, so I’ll take my credit card and we can pay with that.
Where are the car keys?
I’Ve got them there. Shall I drive?

Hello, can you tell me how to use the telephone?
If you want to order meals, call 8801.If you need other help, call 8803 and someone will be there.
Thank you so much. By the way, is there a mail service?
Yes, you can take your letters to the counter over there.

I am afraid that the fax machine in my room won’t be working till tomorrow. A technician has just come and checked it. He will bring me a new one tomorrow. It seems there is a big problem with mine and it will take some days for repairing. Can I use the one in your office?
Of course you can. I am sure this one works very well. I just sent dozens of pages. How many pages are you sending? Are you familiar with my fax machine?
Yes, I think you have the same model as I have.
Does your fax machine print out immediately a transmission protocol?
Yes, it will print immediately.

How many years have you done business with China?
Let me see, about five years, we established our business relationship with Hua Mei of China Import & Export Corporation in 2003.
Do you have any difficulties in doing business in China? You know the Chinese economic legislation is still incomplete?
I don't think I have any problem with our Chinese partners. They have always followed the contract strictly. We can do business directly with the corporation. As I mentioned before, the Chinese government is trying very hard to perfect its law. Its commercial legislation provides legal protection for foreign companies.
Well, it's known that the Sino-American relation is in a dilemma. Does it influence your business in China?
Actually not at present. But we are afraid it will. You know policies influence business to some extent.
I hope our government will not be influenced by some extremists. China is really a large market. We don't want to lose it.
Thank you.
You're welcome.

Give me a pack of first-class stamps, please.
Here you are. That will be five dollars. Anything else?
Yes. I want some post cards and some airmail stamps. I want to send some letters to South America.
Just a moment, I'll look up the rate for air-mail letters to South America.
Can you tell me how much it will cost to send a package to Colombia? Also, I what to know how long it will take.
Do you have the package with you? I would have to weigh it to see how much it would cost. Do you insure package?
Yes. All you have to do declare the value of the package and decide how much you want to insure it for.
Is there a way that I can be sure that the people in South america receive my package?
The post office rarely loses package. You can, however, request a rectum receipt.
One last question-what are your hours?
We open at eight-thirty in the morning and close at five-thirty in the afternoon.
Thank you, you helped me a lot.

Hello, thank you for taking the time to interview me.
Hi there, I’m Bill Gotcha, the owner of Gotcha Enterprises. Did you find your way here OK?
Your assistant gave wonderful directions.
Why are you switching jobs at this point in your career?
Our Company is moving overseas and I wish to stay in the United States.
What are you best at?
I am good at organizing systems that have been having problems.
What is your biggest challenge in terms of skills?
I don’t like to sit around and so like to always find things to do to keep myself busy.
That is good to hear?!

Good morning. SRC international. How may I help you?
Good morning. I'd like to speak to Peter. Chen Please.
Certainly. Who should I say is calling?
This is Tim. Hunter from Hunter industries.
And what is it regarding please?
We have an appointment for this afternoon. Mr. Chen will know why I'm calling.
Of course, Please hold the line Mr. Hunter.

Right, let me run through your options. You can go ahead and cash your undue Large-Amount Deposit Certificate if you really want to, but I'd recommend a Personal Durable Commodities Loan.
OK, what does that entail?
It's not too much trouble to do it this way and remember, your certificate is due in 2 months. If you can hold on to it, it'll be much better for your finances.
Yes, it does seem a little silly to cash it now. I'll probably need about 25,000 RIB. Will that be a problem?
Not at all, Mr Zu. As the certificate is due in 2 months, you can get the loan on mortgage of that certificate.
I'm glad you thought of this. I'd have just gone ahead and cashed it?! And I suppose I can use the money from the certificate to pay back this Personal Durable Commodities Loan and I won't lose any interest, right?
Exactly right. If you'd like to go ahead, I can process that for you now, Mr Zu.
Absolutely, Jenny. Thanks very much, I think you've saved me quite a lot of money today.

My aunt told me one of her secrets--cellophane tape. I just got it at the special health store. It's for my flabby arms.
Let me know how it works. I have to say, I have had enough of this roller coaster.
I know what you mean. I'm like a yo-yo. Last week I was down to 60 kilos. This week I had one donut more. Now I'm up to 62 kilos.

May I have a menu, please?
Of course. Could you tell me how this thing is cooked? Lobster?
It is steamed and served with our special sauce.
Is it good?
Sure. It is a most popular dish.
I think I will try some lobster, and give me some green salad together.

Can’t you come in and have tea now, Peter?
Not yet, I must water the garden first.
Do you have to water it now?
I’m afraid I must. Look at it?! It’s terribly dry.
What a nuisance?! Last summer it was very dry, too. Don’t you remember? I had to water it every day.
Well, I’ll have tea by myself.
That was quick?! Have you finished already? Yes, Look out of the window. It’s raining.
That means you needn’t water the garden.
That was a pleasant surprise. It means I can have tea, instead.

I'm broke, and I have to catch another bus.
Why don't you have any money for another bus?
I got hungry and bought some chips.
That was smart.
Anyway, do you have any change I can use for the bus?
I don't have any.
I don't know how I'm going to get home.
Get a transfer from the bus driver.
How much is a transfer?
It doesn't cost anything.
That's great?! Thanks for your help.
You know what? Don't mention it.

Hello, Anna. Come in and sit down.
Hello, doctor.
What's the matter? I've got a backache.
Do you often suffer from backache?
No, I don't. I've never had a bad one before. When did it start?
About four days ago.
Well, go home and rest in bed for two days, then you'll feel better. Can you give me some medicine? It's very painful.
Yes, I'll give you some pills. Take one a time and three times a day, and come back in three days. If you don't feel...

Welcome on board. May I see your boarding pass?
Here you are. Your seat is three, in the third row, near the window.
Thank you. Where can I put my suitcase?
Either in the overhead compartment or underneath the seat.
Everyone's attention, please. We are going to take off. Please fasten your belts.

Hello, madam. How do you like your staying here?
Quite good. Excuse me, are there any places of interest?
Yes, there are so many near our hoteI. Three blocks away from here, there is temple. It's famous for its building and paintings. lt' s worth visiting.
Thank you. I think today we will go there.

You're here to make a deposit, is that correct?
Right. I'd like to deposit 2,000 RIB into my Current Account.
No problem. Could I have the cash and your Bank Book, please?
Oh dear... there seems to be some problems here... What? What's wrong?
I'm sorry but 5 of these notes seem to be counterfeit. Look at this watermark, do you see it?
It does look a little strange, I didn't notice that before.

Hello, sir. Is there anything I can help you find?
Um... Uh... I'm just looking, thanks.
Need a gift for your girlfriend or wife...
No, no, no. I'm just browsing. Thanks anyway.
Well, if you need anything, just ask. Um... well, where's the men's shoe department?
It's on the third floor. Turn left when you get off the escalator.
Thanks.

An idea about killing time on a train?
I advise you to read Playboy.You can get a lot from it.
But there's quite a lot of rumors about it.
That's why it's interesting.

Have you brought the receipt with you?
No, I don't. I left it home.
Sorry, but we can't do anything without the receipt. Come back with it.
I didn't know. I'll go to get it. How late will you be open?
Till 5:30.

I haven't told you what happened yet, have I?
I haven't heard anything.
My boss offered me a promotion, and I took it.
Are you serious?
Yes, I am really excited.
That's great. Congratulations?!
Thank you.
Actually, I could not believe it at first. You know, there're so many outstanding people in our company. Many of them are qualified to fill that position.
Sure, but you really did great and outperformed the others. You deserved it?!
Thank you very much.

I like Chinese food.
I like Chinese food, too. I like dumplings best. At school, we sometimes have Chinese food for lunch.
That's good. We eat Chinese food only at the Chinese restaurant.
My mother can make some Chinese food.
Really? That's wonderful?!

OK. Come back into the classroom, class.
Does the class start again, Mam?
Yes, but to the heath, this break has last long enough.
Oh, breaktime flies. come on, baby. It’s time now.
Mam, another minute, could I?
Hurry up, little boy.

What's the actual flight time from here to San Francisco?
It's about twelve hours.
Can you tell me what time we're arriving?
Sure. Let me see... at 6:15 a. m. local time.
I see. And that'll be 10:15 p. m. Beijing time.

Excuse me, but I'm not feeling too well. I think I'm going to throw up.
There's an airsickness bag behind the seat that's in front of you.
I must've missed it. Is this your first time flying?
Yes. I'm going to San Francisco.
Oh, it's a beautiful city. I think you'll like it.
Hey, I'm feeling much better already.
Sometimes if you don't think about it, that sick feeling will go away on its own.
Thanks.
By the way, my name is Mary.
I'm Frank. Nice to meet you.

Welcome to Al's Bakery. What can I get you?
Hi?! Let me get a dozen croissants, four blueberry muffins and a loaf of sourdough bread.
Sure. Would you like to have the loaf sliced?
No, that's OK. Do you have any whole wheat bread?
We are out at the moment. May I suggest some rye bread?
Sure that sounds good. Do you have any cakes?
We have various birthday cakes and also ice cream cakes.
I'll just take a cheesecake.
Will that be all?
Yes.
Your total is forty three dollars and twenty cents.
You got it.

Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, we are happy you have all come out for our training workshop. Today we have a great line-up of speakers to talk to you. First on our program is a well-renown expert in the field of international economic development, Harvard's own Dr. James Smith. Dr. Smith has been involved in economic research for over twenty years, and has taught at Harvard since 1995. And now, without further adieu, we'd like to welcome Mr. James Smith.
Thank you, Mr. Jackson, ladies and gentlemen, colleagues, friends. The subject of my talk is international relations in a morgen world. I plan to say a few words about the current situation in the Middle East and how it affects world economy. I'd like to give you an overview of the way that the economies of seemingly unrelated countries are intertwined. I've divided my talk into three parts, first an overview of international relations, second a discussion of current political situations, and lastly trends for the future. My presentation will take about two hours, but there will be a twenty-minute break in the middle. We'll stop for lunch at 12.

You're looking rather pale, why?
I couldn't sleep well recently.
You'd get plenty of sleep for you work so hard.
I always drink too much wine in the evening.
You shan't drink more wine in the evening.
Yes, you are right.
And you'd take some exercise every day.
Many thanks for your advice.

Hello Mrs Parker, how have you been?
Hello Dr Peters. Just fine thank you. Ricky and I are here for his vaccines.
Very well. Let's see, according to his vaccination record, Ricky has received his Polio, Tetanus and Hepatitis B shots. He is 14 months old, so he is due for Hepatitis A, Chickenpox and Measles shots.
What about Rubella and Mumps?
Well, I can only give him these for now, and after a couple of weeks I can administer the rest.
OK, great. Doctor, I think I also may need a Tetanus booster. Last time I got it was maybe fifteen years ago?!
We will check our records and I'll have the nurse administer and the booster as well. Now, please hold Ricky's arm tight, this may sting a little.

I’m interested in teaching at your school.
Great. Are you a qualified teacher?
Yes.
What kind of teaching certificate do you have?
I have a TEFL certificate.
How many years of experience do you have?
I have three years of teaching ESL and four years of teaching per-school children.
When did you get your TEFL certificate?
I got my TEFL certificate three years ago.
Why do you want to teach at our school?
Well, I’Ve heard many good things about it. I also like teaching young children.
That’s great. Can you speak Chinese?
Yes, just a little.
Can you come in for an interview tomorrow at 10:00?
I sure can.
Great. See you then.

Why is the car before us stopping?
What's going on? Look. Two cars are standing right in the middle of the road and the drivers are shouting rude words to each other.
That's why that car stops.
More and more people easily get irritated while driving.
Yes. This is what is called road rage.

This is today’s schedule. At 8 thirty AM, conference with the department managers. At 9 o’clock, live for the workshop where you’ll award prizes to the staff for preventatives.
That’s great. What are the prizes?
3000 RIB as bonus for each person. To encourage the staff increases.
Ok. Next thing is laying the corner-stone for the new plant at 10 AM. At 12 AM, back here for lunch. What about the afternoon? At 2 PM, give a presentation here with the press. At four o’clock sharp, have dinner with Mr. Smith, manager of NCC.

This is Lincoln Bank, Consumer Credit Department. How can I help you?
Ah, hello. I'm calling to find out how I apply for a car loan.
We offer a Personal Automobile Consumer Loan. The application process is pretty straight forward. I trust you have enough funds to cover the 20 % down payment?
Yes, I do. It's ready and waiting in my account.
The next step is for us to recommend a dealer to you, who are already contracted to us, so...
Could I just stop you there? Sorry to interrupt, but I have already been to your appointed dealer and selected the car I want.
That will certainly cut down the processing time. We can move on to the next step. Do you have the purchase price?
Yes, it's 110,000 RIB. So, with the down payment done, I will need to borrow 70,000 RIB.
What we need you to do next is to come into the branch with a correctly filled in application form, ID card, proof of residency, proof of income, the agreement from the agent and of course the 20 % down payment.
Yes, I have everything here.
OK, I'll come in and see you later today. Maybe I could have my new car as early as next week?! How exciting?!

Hi, my name is Tom.
Tom, the new sales representative? Nice to meet you?! I'm Melinda.
Nice to meet you too.Melinda. Now let me show you around. This is our reception area, and our conference room is right over there. Over here is the sales department.
Really? This is a nice office, but it's quite small.
Yeah... You can make photocopies and send faxes over there.
It looks like you guys work hard.
I tell you what just between you and me, we just mess things up so that it looks like we work hard.Just kidding.
Oh, your cubicle is over the. And this way. Those are all private offices the managers offices.
Hmm... Tell me more details about our jobs.
Sure thing.

What do you think of our price? Your price has gone up sharply, hasn't it?
Yes. We regret we cannot maintain our original price. Since the prices of the raw materials have been raised, we have to adjust the price of our products accordingly.
I agree with you there, but your price is unreasonable.
I don't think so. You must compare our price with that of other export houses. I'm sure our offer is in line with the prevailing market price level.
I don't think we'll be able to pay the price.
To have this business concluded, you need to lower your price at least by 3 %.
I’m afraid that there is no room for any reduction in price.
Don't you agree with me that in the long run, moderate prices will bring about large sales and more profit?
We've already cut down our price to cost level.
Is that all?
Yes, this is the best we can do.
I'm sorry we can't handle the price you offered.

So, Jimmy, how does it feel to have your own money?
It’s great, dad. I don’t mind delivering papers, but the real fun is collecting the money.
Even though you are only twelve, it’s not too early to start saving a little money.
I’Ve never had a bank account before. Why don’t I just keep my money under the matters like grandpa does?
You know you would spend it. And also, money in the bank earns interest.
But what if I need my money suddenly?
The bank will give you a PIN, and you can withdraw money from any ATM.
Great?! So it’s almost the same as keeping it under the matters?!
Not quite. You have to maintain a minimum balance of twenty dollars. And sometimes the bank has service charges. But you don’t have to worry about that yet. Let’s go make your first depot OK.
Guess I have to do that before. I can make money my first withdrawal.

Is this where I can catch a bus to the theater?
Yes, but you can't get there with out a change.
Which bus do I have to change?
You have to get off at the hospital and change for bus 15.
I see. Thank you.

Here we are, Joan. This is the Palace museum, also known as the Forbidden city.
Oh, how splendid?! Can you take a picture of me here?
Sure.

Excuse me. I'm afraid I got lost. Where am I on this map?
We are here, bus station, we are in the heart of the city.
Oh?! Can I go from here to the Zhongshan Park?
Head straight up the street about two blocks then turn right.

Tony, could you tell me if there are any special rules about the job?
Working hours are from 8: 30 a. m. to 5:00 p. m. Be sure not to be late or absent. Report to the manager by filling in the' Monthly Report' every month.
Is there anything else? How about my salary?
Our company has a strict and reasonable salary standard. On the 20th day of every month, you can get your salary on time. Benefits depend upon the length of service and the employee's past attendance record.
Wow, thank you for telling me these. Do you mind telling me something else, like attendance record, holiday, and how to ask for leave?
All new members are likely to ask the same questions. Haha.
I can understand that. Every month you have three days off, besides the weekends and some important holidays. After you've been here for a year, you qualify for a one-week vacation. The leave less than a half-day should predict for an hour, and more than a half-day should predict three days.
Okay, that's good. I get it.

Kate, you never believe what's happened.
What do you mean?
Masha and Hero are getting divorced.
You are kidding. What happened?
Well, I don't really know, but I heard that they are having a separation for 2 months, and filed for divorce.
That's really surprising. I always thought they are well matched.
What about the kids? Who get custody?
Masha, it seems quiet and makable, no quarrelling about who get the house and stock and then contesting the divorce with other details worked out.
That's the change from all the back stepping we usually hear about.
Well, I still can't believe it, Masha and Hero, the perfect couple.
When would they divorce be final?
Early in the New Year I guess.

Overseas operator. I would like to make a collect call to Taipei, Taiwan, please.
Your name, please.
Tim Chen.
What's the number, please.
The area code is 2, and the number is 2367-9960.
The line is connected. Please go ahead.

Hello. Excuse me.
Yes. Can I help you? Do you remember me? I just had lunch here a half hour ago.
Of course I remember you.
I think I lost my wallet here.
Oh, no. Really? I didn't see anything.
Really? You didn't find a wallet?
No, I didn't.
Would you like to go look by the table with me?
Yes, I would.
It's not here. And it's not on the floor.Has anyone sat at this table since we left?
No. It's been empty the whole time.
Hmm. I don't know how it could have happened.
I remember, sir, that your friend took the bill.You didn't pay for the lunch yourself, did you?
No. My friend did.
Then are you sure you took your wallet out of your pocket while you were here?
No, I'm not sure. But I usually take out my wallet when I sit down.It' s uncomfortable to sit on it. So I usually put it next to me on the table.
Maybe you lost it before you came here. Or maybe you left it at home.
I don't think it's at home. I think I had it when I left the house.But what should I do?
Well, the first thing you should do is make sure it's not at home.Then, if it isn't, you need to call your credit card companies and cancel your cards. Next, you need to replace whatever you lost, your driver's license, things like that.
Should I call the police?
You can if you want. But the police usually don't do anything about lost wallets.
Hmm. I'll go home and check. Maybe you're right. Maybe it's at home.
I'm sorry we couldn't find it, sir.
Thanks for your help.

Good morning, young lady. You can call me Ma. Do you see anything you like?
Yes. Many things?! I especially love this beautiful quilt.
That quilt was passed down to me from my ma in Holland.
It sounds like a special quilt. Why do you want to sell it?
Well, this home is too big for me now, so I'm moving to an apartment that is much smaller. Therefore, I need to part with a few things.
Oh, I see. Umm, how much do you want for the quilt?
Is fifteen dollars OK?

Have you got change for a thousand?
Let me see.

May I come in, Mr Sun?
I’d rather you didn’t, Miss Yang. I’m very busy now.
Can I try later then?
Yes, of course.
Is it all right for me to come in now, Mr Sun?
Well, uh... I’m still pretty busy, but... all right. Come in.
What can I do for you?
Do you mind if I sit down?
Not at all. Take a seat. Now what can I do for you?
I want to leave the department. Do you think I could put info a transfer?
Yes.
But why should you want to do that?
Do you mind if I speak frankly?
Not at all. Go ahead.
Well. You see, I don’t like the office. I don’t like the staff. And I’m afraid of you. And I don’t want to go one. So may I put info a transfer?
Yes. I’d be delighted if you did.

Where is that? Take me to the airport, please.
Are you in a hurry?
I have to be there before 17 o'clock.
We'll make it except a jam. You know it's rush hour.
There's an extra ten in it for you if you can get me there on time.
I'll do my best.
Here's twenty dollars. Do you have small bills?
No. If you can't break it, keep the change. But can you give me a receipt?
Here is your receipt.
Thank you.

Recently I have been getting headache and my eyes don't seems to see focus properly.
When did you last time have your eyes checked?
Two years ago. At that time I had no problems.Now I can’t even make out something ten meters away.
Come over here. I will test your eyes. First cover your left eye like this, and when I point, please read the chart from the top, and go as far as you can, telling me which way the “ E ” points.
All right. Good.Now the other eye. Well, this one is worse.
Never mind, just read as far as you can.
I can only read the first three lines.

Is there a car park near the supermarket?
Yes, there is an underground car park near the supermarket.
I see. Thanks.

Oh, come on, Ultraman?! What's up, Bro? What's in the bulletin?
It says that there will be a blackout from 5 p. m. to 7 p. m. in our neighborhood today.
Blackout? Even the TV has the limit. Don't you know you will look like a monster in the blackout?
Oops, no, Daddy can't watch American Idol, either?! That's not the point.
Come on, can you imagine that there will be no electricity on such a hot day? Oh, my god?! No air-conditioner?!
OK, since you are the smart one, can you come up with a better plan? So that we won't be baked like cookies here.
How about playing Barbie out there in the neighborhood?
Barbie? You know, I might be seven, but I'm not a girl.
Do you have a better plan?
All right, all right.

Yes, ma'am, how could I help you?
I am wondering if you do facial care?
Yes, we do.
How much would it be?
From 200 to 800.
I'm afraid 800 is too expensive for me. Could you recommend something around 300?
No problem.

Can I help you, Miss?
I would like to order 2 office-style cabinets and desk calendars. We want office-style cabinets in white. The catalogue number is 90-f-2356.
How soon do you want it?
Could you deliver it tomorrow?
No problem. Please handle the items carefully.
Certainly.
We will pay by collect on delivery.

I hate to do this to you, Alice, but I’m going to have to ask you to put in some more overtime.
Does it have to be this afternoon, Mr. Fairbanks? I’Ve already made plans.
Well, I would have preferred to do it today, but if you’Ve already made plans, we can do it tomorrow.
I’d appreciate that, sir. How long do you think you’ll need me to stay?

What’s your attitude when do wrong things at work?
The buck stops here.

Hello?! Is your company advertising for administrative assistant on the newspapers?
Well, Administrative assistant with shorthand and typing skills are badly needed here.
First I want to check about the availability and see if you could give me more information.
The position calls for a person with some working experience. We must be able to benefit from your analytical and interpersonal skills. Can you deliver your resume to us first?
Of course. I will deliver my resume to you in minutes' time. I hope you will consider my application and I shall appreciate a reply at your earliest convenience.
OK. I will call you soon. Bye now.
Bye.

Just as the saying goes, every potter praises his own pot. You should pay special attention to selling yourself properly in the interview. It is especially important for the graduates who step into the job market for the first time. You'd better prepare what you are going to say in advance, in order to have a good performance in the interview. The contents should be mainly descriptions of your background. And the length depends on the particular situation. Only when you are aware of what the interviewer will be interested in, can you make a targeted preparation. To sell yourself successfully, you should leave the interviewer a deep impression. Selling yourself should go straight to the point, and the statement should be clear and brief. It should also be truthful and realistic. Do not blindly blow your own horn. You should particularly state your strong points which are closely related to the position you are applying for. While you should not omit your weak points, they need to be described appropriately Time permitted, you could add certain examples to your description. Besides, in the interview, it is best that you make corresponding adjustments to apply your prepared contents flexibly.

Hello?
Hi, Deborah?! This is John. I'm calling from Australia.
What are you doing in Australia?
I'm attending a conference in Sydney this week. Remember?
Oh, right. What time is it there?
It's 10:00 P. M. And it's four o'clock in Los Angeles, right?
Yes - four o'clock in the morning.
4:00 A. M.? I'm really sorry.
That's OK. I'm awake now.

John hasn't turned up and Stefan is ill. Do we have anyone on stand-by?
I'm afraid not, we're very short-staffed at the moment.
Can you ask the shift supervisor to ask one of his team to do some overtime?
Perhaps Tommy can stand in for an hour or two until we find a replacement.

Jack, let’s go?! Oh, you are out of breath?! What happened?
Some people are wildly shooting on the next street. We must leave here as soon as possible?!
Take it easy. They will get caught.

Hello. May I speak to Jerry, please?
Sorry, but he is out for lunch right now.
I see. Can you give me some idea how long he'll be back?
I think he will be back around 2:00. If you like, please leave your name and phone number, I'll have him call you as soon as he comes back.
That's nice. My name is Steven, my phone number is 6789777.
Okay, I'll be waiting for his call. Thank you and bye?!
My pleasure, bye?!

Excuse me, Miss. What can I do for you?
I've just heard an announcement that my flight has been delayed.
What's your flight number?
Flight CA216 to Chengdu.
Yes, it's true. It has been delayed.
Could you please tell me why?
Yes, of course. The delay is due to heavy rain.
How long will the delay be? Do you have any further information about it?
I am sorry, we don't know the extent of the delay at present. But according to the latest weather forecast, there will be a change in weather soon. We have to wait.
Well, is it possible for the rain to stop before noon?
It's hard to say. Weather is so changeable in the summer. Please listen to the latest announcement about your flight.
Yes, I will. Thanks a lot. Bye?!
Bye

What are we going to do? I can't get the car out of this ditch. I'm stuck?!
I'm worried, Tom. I haven't seen any other cars for almost an hour.
I know. This is terrible. What can we do? This snow doesn't stop falling?!
I told you we should have stayed in town today.The weather report said 100 percent chance of snow.Why did you want to come up here?
I wanted to show you the cabin. We only had another half-hour to go.
Well, now we're stuck. What can we do?
I don't know. I've heard that when this happens, it's important to save energy.
What do you mean? We're stranded here, Tom. We may be here a long time.We need to conserve the gas in the car. The car's energy is what will keep us warm.
I have plenty of gas.
Yes, but the gas and the battery both have to stay working.We can't just let the car run and run.If we do, it will die soon. Then we'll freeze.
So what can we do?
Turn the lights off.Then, run the car and the heater only about fifteen minutes every hour.That will conserve the heat as long as possible.
Alright. That's a good idea. I wish we hadn't come up here. Now we'll probably be here for days.
Days?
Yes, it happens.That is what happens in big snowstorms. People get stranded for days.
Oh, my God?! It's good we have food. Probably we'll survive.But turn the car off for about forty-five minutes. Then we'll turn it on again.

Hey, buddy, can’t you see there’s a line?
Oh, sorry. I didn’t know.
What? You haven’t taken the bus before?
No, I’m afraid not.
Well, you have to wait in line like everyone else. Besides, you should let old people on first.
Sorry.
It’s all right. Where are you going?
I wanted to see the White House.
Oh, well you don’t want this bus, anyway. It goes to Georgetown.
Oh, no. It’s all right, though. Just get off at the next stop and catch the 79A.
Oh, well thank you very much.
You’re welcome.

Can I help you?
I'd like the double cheese burger meal, please.
What kind of drink would you like with that?
Just coke will be fine.
Would you like a super size meal? Only 2 RIB more, you'll get large coke and fries instead of medium. And today we are offering free toys all the meal boxes.
That sounds good, thanks, I'd like that. Actually I'd like sprite instead of coke, thanks.
That's not a problem, Miss. Will that be it?
Yes, that's all. That will be 25RMB, please
You got it.

Do you have any night tours?
Yes, we will depart in 10 minutes.
Is that a guided tour?
Yes, it is.
That's fine. Let's get on the bus.

I am sure we will make it up as soon as possible.
That's nice. We hope this matter will not affect our good relations in our future dealings.
Of course not. We have cooperated for a long time.

I would like to purchase some meat.
What kind of meat would you like to get today?
First off, I'm going to need a pound of ground beef.
A pound of ground beef is $ 2.48.
That's perfect. What else will you be needing?
I'm also going to need three pounds of chicken breasts.
The chicken breasts cost $ 4.05 per pound. What's the total price for the chicken?
It's going to be $ 12.15.
Okay, I think that will be all for me today.

I think you know already that I want to discuss the represent - ton for your alarm clocks.
Yes, Mr. Bergeron. You mentioned that in your letter.
To tell you the truth, your proposal surprised us.
Is that so?
Anyhow I want to go over the details with you in person, so you can give my suggestion thorough consideration.
Our firm specializes in this line of business. We have six sales representatives, who are on the road all the time, covering the whole of the European market.
Do you sell direct to shops?
Yes, we specialize in handling clocks and watches of all sorts. We have well established channels of distribution and we canvass the retailers direct, without any middlemen.
Do you keep a stock of these things?
In some cases, such as the wristwatches, which always have a steady market, we keep a stock in London and act as distributors as well as agents. Generally, however, we pass on the orders of our clients to the manufacturers for supply. We are paid for our service, of course.
That is, your commission.
Yes, our commission is very reasonable. We usually get a 10 % commission of the amount on every deal. Our agents in other areas usually get a 3-5 % commission. The European market is not familiar with your products. You have competitors from Japan and other continental countries. At the beginning of our campaign, there is sales resistance to overcome, we must send out salesmen to do a lot of traveling and spend a considerable amount of money on advertising in news - papers and TV programs. A 10 % commission will not leave us much.
According to your estimate, what is the maximum annual turn - over you can fulfill, in round figures, of course?
We will always do our utmost to enlarge the business, as our remuneration increases with the turnover, but we will not guar - ante anything, at least not to begin with.
We appreciate very much your intention to push the sale of our products. But our suggestion to you, Mr. Bergeron, as a preliminary step, is to do a little research into the market...
Do you mean to say you refuse us the agency?
Mr. Bergeron, you leave us no alternative. We can not give you an exclusive agency of the whole European market without having the slightest idea of your possible annual marketing turnover. Besides our price is worked out according to the costing. A 10 % commission means an increase in our price. We must have the reaction of the buyers in this respect.
Oh, that's just too bad. I intended to make great efforts in selling your products.
Well, we can still carry on our business relationship without the agreement. To start the ball rolling, we will provide you with price lists, catalogues and some samples. Only when you have a thorough knowledge of the marketing possibilities of our products, can we then discuss further details.
Ah, Mrs. Miller, but in this case am I covered?
Oh, yes. We will give you a 5 % commission on every transaction.
All right, but I'll be back again for the Autumn Fair. And then I hope we can see eye to eye about our commission and the terms of the agency.
Very good. We will discuss the matter again at the next Fair.

Excuse me, I’m sorry to trouble you. My name is Susan Ransom, and I have placed several orders with you company.
Yes, Mr. Ransom? This is Karl Miller. How may I help you?
Well, I wonder if you could track an order I placed with you last month. It hasn’t arrived yet.
Certainly, Ms. Ransom. Do you have an order number?

Have you worked out the offers. Mr. Thou?
Yes, we have. Here's our CIF quotation sheet. Please have a careful look.
Are the prices on the list firm offers?
Yes. All the quotations on the list are subject to our final confirmation.
I wonder whether there are any changes in your prices.
All these products are our best-selling lines. The prices of our products will change according to that of the international market demand. And we are always open to negotiate, especially on larger orders.
What do you have in mind?
How long does your offer remain valid?
I need some time to get my supervisors on board with this plan.
I understand. Our offer remains open for 4 days.

Hello sir, may I help you?
Yeah, I accidentally dropped my phone in the toilet.
I see. Well, you have come to the right place. We have over one hundred models of more than twenty leading mobile phone manufacturers.
Sounds good. I don’t want it to be too expensive, maybe something mid-range.
We have this new ETC smart phone.It comes with the Android OS so you can download applications. It also has a built-in camera, mp3 player and touch screen. It works on the 3G network so you have fast access to the internet wherever you are.
What about Wi-fi?
Of course?! You can access the internet from any hotspot as well as from home.
One last thing. Is it waterproof?

We have been over this a hundred times?! We are not getting a pet?!
Why not? Come on?! Just a cute little puppy or a kitty?!
Who is going to look after a dog or a cat?
I will?! I’ll feed it, bathe it and walk it every day?! We can get a Labrador or a German Shepard?!
What if we want to take a vacation? Who will we leave it with? Plus, our apartment is too small for that breed of dog.
Ok. How about we get a cat or a ferret?
We’re planning on having children soon, I don’t think those animals are a good idea with a baby in the house.
Fine?! Let’s get a bird then?! We can keep it in its cage and teach it to talk?! A parrot would be awesome?!
I’ll tell you what, I can get you some hamsters and we’ll take it from there.
Yay?!

Good evening, Mr. Lee and thank you for choosing our airline. We have just discovered that this flight is overbooked. Would you like to volunteer to give up your seat?
Overbooked? Give up my seat? I don’t understand.
From time to time we have a situation in which there are more passengers than there are seats on the aircraft. That’s overbooked.
I know what overbooked is, I just don’t understand how that could happen?
Actually it’s a common practice to overbook, as passengers often don’t take their flight as scheduled. Most of the time there is no problem but today, more passengers arrived than we have seats,
So who has to stay behind?
Well, first we ask for volunteers. If someone like yourself volunteers, they receive a free round trip ticket to be used within one year. If no one volunteers we just have to select someone.
Ok. I’ll volunteer. I could use a free ticket?!

I want to rent this apartment.
I’m glad to hear that. How much are you asking?
You will have to pay $ 1050 every month.
I can’t afford that. What can you afford?
I was thinking $ 800 a month.
I’ll need you to pay more than that. How much more?
How does $ 900 every month sound to you?
I can live with that. We have a deal then.

Good morning, Miss Monica. Nice to meet you again?!
Good morning, Mr. Thomas, it is nice to see you too. After the internal discussion, we have all agreed that you are the most suitable person for this position among all the candidates. So, today let’s talk about your expected salary and social benefits. What is your expected salary?
I’Ve worked in the field for more than 4 years. Depend on my work qualifications and experience, I would like to have 5000 Yuan to start.
The basic salary for your position in our company would be 4800 Yuan to start with increases giving according to your performance.
It is a bit lower than I expected. But I can accept that.
What are the working hours?
40 hours a week, Monday to Friday, 9 AM to 5 PM with one hour lunch break every day..
Do I have to work on weekend? If so, how do you pay for the overtime?
We do expect overtime work when it is necessary, but we pay twice of the work hour for working on weekends and three times for working on national holidays like Spring Festival and the Mid-Autumn Day.
Is there probation?
No probation is involved. If you feel good, you can start next week.

Welcome to the McDonald's. What will it be for you, madam?
One Big Mac and French Fries.
Is there anything else?
Give me one coke, please.
Is this to go or to eat here?
To go, please.
That comes to four dollars and ten cents.
And can I have some ketchup, please?
It's on the service counter over there. Please go to help yourself.

What's the name of this street?
University Street.
Do you know of any banks near here?
You'll see one at the corner on your right.

Hey there, you look a little lost. Are you new here?
Yeah how’d you know?
You can always spot the newbies. I can give you a few pointers if you want. Were you trying to use this machine here?
Yeah?! I just started my training today and I’m not really sure where to begin.
It’s ok, I know how it is. This machine here will work out your upper body, mainly your triceps and biceps. Are you looking to develop strength or muscle tone and definition?
Well, I don’t want to be ripped like you?! I just want a good physique with weights and Carpio.
In that case you want to work with less weight. You can start off by working ten to fifteen reps in four sets. Five kilo weights should be enough. Now it’s very important that you stretch before pumping iron or you might pull a muscle.
Got it?!
Wow is that the weight you are lifting? My goodness that’s a lot of weight?!
It’s not that much. Just watch... I’m ok...

Excuse me.Could you tell me how to return to the Hilton Hotel? I am afraid I lost my way.
Do you have a hotel card or something? Let's see.Yes, I have the address and telephone number here.
Oh, you're staying at the downtown Hilton.Then, you go down two blocks this way and turn left.You' ll find it on the right.
Well, I don't understand it very well.Will you draw me a map?

Excuse me, but could you tell me the way to the railway station?
The railway station? Just go down this street and turn left at the second corner. The station is at the end of that street.
How long will it take me to get there?
It's about a ten-minute walk.
That's very clear. I think I can find my way now. Thank you.
Not at all.

How does the political system work in your country?
We have hundreds of constituencies and the voters in each one elect a member of parliament. Most people call them mp’s.
Each mp belongs to a political party, right?
Almost all of them do. A few are independent. That means that they do not belong to a party.
If one party more than half of the mp’s. they form a government. That means that they choose a prime Finist
What’s a cabinet?
This is a small group of people-perhaps 25 mp’s who are usually ministers. They make all the big decision and discuss laws and policy.
Can any mp make a law?
Any mp can present a law to parliament. The proposed law is debated and voted on. If it is accepted, it becomes law.
I suppose a proposed a law needs the support of the big political parties.
Yes, it does, because they have most of the mp’s. most mp’s vote the way their party wants them to.
How do people choose which party or candidate to vote for?
They produce manifesto. These documents which states their policies. Some people just vote for the same party every time there is an election. Voters who often change the party they vote for are Calle

How was your interview?
Pretty good. The HR manager asked me the usual questions. Then he wondered why I had decided to leave my previous job.
What did you say?
I told him that I hadn’t got a raise for three years. I also told him that one of my best co-workers quitted her job because she had not been promoted for eight years.
Did he want to know the reasons?
Yes. I told him that my boss made some excuses of the recession. But I thought he had a pattern and a record of promoting men only. That’s sex discrimination.
When will you get the reply?
In a couple of days, I was told.
Wish you good luck?!
Thank you.

What qualities do you think a senior executive should possess?
Generally speaking, he needs creativity, the ability to communicate, sense of personal responsibilities, the ability to solve problems and so on.
Do you have all these qualities?
Yes, I have all of them. I am totally competent to be a senior executive.

Hi. I need more amenities, please.
Could you be a little more specific, sir?
Well, to be more specific, the free stuff, like soap, lotion, and shampoo.
I understand. Now, you're saying that you've already used up all your amenities?
Oh, no?! I've got all I need for my stay here.
So, what's the problem?
I need souvenirs?!
You want some souvenirs?!
Yes, yes. Souvenirs.
But, sir, our souvenir shop carries all those items.
That's not the same thing. If you buy hotel souvenirs, they have no sentimental value.
I understand, sir. I'll call housekeeping. You'll have your souvenirs shortly.

Hello, may I help you?
Yes.We' re interested in seeing the rooms for rent.
Oh, how nice.They' re bright rooms and the house is very quiet.
A nice quiet house is exactly what we're looking for.
Well, gentleman.Each room is $ 40 a week if you think that's OK.
That sounds just wonderful to us. When do you want to move in?
How about this afternoon?
Fine. I'll be expecting you around two.

Are you ready to order? May I suggest a veal?
No, I'll have the fish please.
The chicken is also nice.
No, I want the fish.
Our special tonight is lobster.
Thank you, but I prefer the fish.
Perhaps you'd enjoy the lamb.
No, I like the fish.
What ever you say?

Am I ever hungry? When will supper be ready?
It's almost ready. Can you set the table?
All right. Want to taste this dish?
Yeah. Oh, it's delicious?! Really?
Definitely. It's a wonderful meal.
Thank you, Honey. If you like to help me do the dishes, I'll be more dreadful.
I wish I could, but I won't.

Good morning, Kate. Long time no see.
Good morning, Vera, Nice to meet you.
Kate, I know you’Ve been a stewardess for more than one year. And I’ll have an interview on stewardess tomorrow. Can you tell me some etiquette about the interview?
Of course. First you should do up your long hair and do make up but not too thick.
Is there anything else I should pay attention to?
Yes, when you attend the interview, you should pay attention to your manner, style of conversation and expression. You should keep smiling always, being polite when you talk with the interviewer. Don't move from time to time when you sit there. And you also should know how to use eye contact.
Thank you, I've learned so much from you.
That’s all right. Hope you can do better tomorrow.

Can you fix me a cup of tea, Johnny?
Well... uh... how about a glass of juice instead?
No. I'd like tea. Can you put it in my favorite cup? You probably washed it...
Oh, yeah. Well, uh, about your mug... I'll find it...
Where are all the floral pattern plates? And dad's Yankee's mug?

Good morning, sir. May I help you?
Yes, I'd like to settle my bill.
Certainly sir. May I have your room key, please?
Sure. Here you are.
Just a moment, please. I'll draw up your bill for you... Thank you for waiting, sir. Your bill totals two thousand six hundred and fifty-eight yuan, including the phone and laundry.
That much?! Would you mind letting me have a look at it?
Not at all, sir. Here you are.
Thanks. Well, It seems to be right. How much is that in dollars, please?
Just a moment, sir. I'll calculate that for you. It comes to 305 dollars and 52 cents at today's exchange rate.
I see. OK. How would you like to make the payment?
In cash, please.
Here you are.
Thank you, sir... Here is your change. Could you check it, please? Thank you for choosing our hotel. I hope you enjoyed your stay.
By the way, please forward my mail to this address.
Certainly, sir. We hope you have a good trip.

Hi, Sam. I want to buy a pet. Do you have any ideas?
You really should go to Rachel's pet store.
why? anything special there?
it's more than special. You can find as many kinds of animals as you can put a name to and more.
Oh, really? are there any snakes?
snakes? there are even rodents and monkeys?! it's a world of exotic pets.
that's terrific. I can't wait to check it out.
Hang on. are you sure you want to keep a non-traditional pet?
why not? it's so cool.
but it will pose a risk to your health.
pardon?
i mean, most reptiles carry some harmful bacteria. they are likely to cause immune system problems.
well, I didn't realize that. I don't believe it's a good choice to keep those pets, especially for families with young children.
oh, I should have thought of my brother's baby girl. Maybe I'll just have a dog instead of an exotic pet.
yes, good luck, Maria.

I’m a new student. My name’s Robert. Nice to meet you.
My name’s Sophie. Are you French?
Yes, I’m. Are you French, too?
No, I’m not. What nationality are you?
I’m Italian. Are you a teacher?
No, I’m not. What’s your job?
I’m a keyboard operator. What’s your job?
I’m an engineer.

I can’t believe Obama is our President.
I am proud to know that he is our President.
You voted for him, right?
Did you vote for him, because I know that I did.
I did, too. I have nothing but faith in Obama.
Really? I’m sure he will help better America.
We do need some change in this country.
Our country is already changing as it is.
You’re absolutely right. I trust that he will take good care of our country.

Do you have a reservation, sir?
No, I’m afraid we don’t.
I’m sorry the restaurant is full now. You have to wait for about half an hour. Would you like to have a drink at the lounge until there’s a table available.
No, thanks, I’ll come back later. May I reserve a table for two?
Yes, of course. May I have your name, sir?
Bruce
By the way, can we have a table by the window?
we’ll try to arrange it, but I can’t guarantee sir.
That’s fine.
your table's ready, sir? Please step this way.

Do you have coffee shops in China, too?
Yes, of course. There are many tea houses and bars in China, too. People can drink, eat and relax at these places.
You like to go to these places, don’t you?
Yes, sometimes the music there is so beautiful. It is very romantic. I can stay there for hours.
Do you often go there alone?
No, I often go there with my friends.

Hi there?! I am looking for a new car. I have this old Ford Pinto that I would like to trade in.
I see. You are in luck this month because all of our models are on sale?! it is a perfect time to buy a new car since it’s the end of the year.
Perfect?!
I like this one.
That is the Ford Focus. A very light but powerful vehicle. It comes with dual side airbags, power steering and power windows, tinted windows and your choice of either automatic or manual transmission.
Sounds like a good car?! How many miles to the gallon?
It is a very fuel efficient vehicle giving you about 34 miles in the city and 40 on the highway.
That is really convenient. Especially now that fuel prices are so high?!
What’s under the hood?
A very powerful 2.5- liter turbocharged engine, Trust me, this car is fast?!
Now for the most difficult question. What is the price tag for this lovely vehicle?
Very affordable mam. You can take it out of this lot today with 0 % down payment and no interest for the first year?! You can test drive it now and we can sign the papers when we get back.
Great?! Let’s do it?!

I wonder if you could help me, I'm looking for a room.
Well, I have got a vacancy.
What sort of price are you asking?
Eight dolls fifty a week excluding laundry.
Would it be convenient to see the room?
Can you call back later? We're right in the middle of lunch.

Could you give me an expense report? I would like to attach the invoices for my phone bill this season.
Here you are. Do you need glue?
That is very kind of you. I’m just running out of glue.
You’re welcome.

IBA, Jane speaking. How can I help you?
Hello. I'd like to speak to someone regarding my card.
Sorry, I'm not quite sure if I understand. In what way, Sir? Has your card been stolen?
No, no. Nothing at all like that. It's just that I applied for a credit card with you a while ago, my application was accepted, but I'm still waiting for my card.
Oh, I see, Sir. Well, it does take 5 working days to issue and post the card.
Yes, my application was accepted last Friday. Now it's Wednesday, that's more than 5 days.
Sorry, Sir, but it's 5 working days. This does not include weekends, so your card should be with you later this week.
Of course?! How silly of me?! Yes, 5 working days would mean this Friday, at the earliest.
I see. I'm sorry to trouble you.
It's no trouble at all, Sir. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nothing, thanks. I again apologise for the misunderstanding, bye for now.

What can I do for you, sir?
We'd like to order breakfast for tomorrow morning.
Yes, sir. What would you like?
Orange juice, scrambled eggs, bacon, toast and coffee.
OK, and when shall I bring it here?
About seven thirty.By the way, could you also bring me tomorrow's papers?
Of course, sir.

What shall we do when we find a shortage in the shipment?
You should do one of the two things - either to lodge a claim with the shipowner or with the insurance company.
Shall we leave it to the brokers?
Yes. They usually do it. Do they charge for that?
Of course. In Europe, they charge a commission of 1 % of the amount of the claim for their service.
Is it the same in America?
They do the work without charge to the importer. It's part of their service, isn't it?
Exactly. Is it enough to claim with an on board bill of lading?
No, you must also obtain a statement from the shipping agent certifying that the goods were actually loaded on their vessel for shipment.
I see. By the way, how do we prove the ownership of our goods?
You must provide full original set of ocean bills of lading original insurance policy or certificate and the original commercia invoice.
I see. Thank you.
You are welcome.

I'll be on business for a couple of days, could you take care of your sister?
OK, Mum, when will you be back?
I'll be back in ten days.

Passport, please, madam.
Just a minute, please. It's in my bag. Here it is.
Thank you. Please fill out the Baggage Declaration Form.
All right. Shall I enter all my belongings?
No, only the articles listed on the Declaration.

I’m hungry, let’s go grab a bite to eat.
Yeah me too.
Oh?! Can we stop at the shop really fast? I lost my makeup bag at the airport and I want to pick up a few things.
Will you take long?
No?! Five minutes I promise?!
Come on?! We have been here for almost an hour?! I thought you said you were only going to get a few things?! How long does it take you to pick out a lipstick and some nail polish?!
Are you crazy? You have no idea what you are talking about?! Just for my eyes I have to get eye-liner, an eyelash curler, eye shadow, an eyebrow pencil and mascara. Then I need to get foundation, liquid foundation.
Whoa whoa whoa?! Are you nuts? How much is all this going to cost? I’m looking at the price at each one of these little things and it’s outrageous?! This is basically a crayon?!
What about you? You spend as much or more money on your razors, after shave, cologne and gel?! Not to mention how much you spend on clothes and...
Fine?! Get the stupid thirty dollar crayon?!

Can I borrow five bucks?
No?!
Come on?! I'll pay you back on Tuesday.
Last time I lent you money, you never paid me back.
I promise if you lend me five dollars today, I will repay you in full next week.
Ok, but I'm taking your skateboard as collateral.
Fine?! I can't believe you don't trust me.
It's nothing personal, just business.

May I help you, sir?
Yes, please. I'm looking for a cotton polo shirt.
Any particular colour?
Not really. How about this one?
I like the design, but don't particularly care for the colour. Do you have that in other colours, too?
Well, they come in white, pale yellow, aqua, red and green. Will a white one do?
Yes. I prefer white - and may I see a pale yellow one, too?
Why, of course. Let's see... White... Pale yellow. Here you are, sir.

I’m so surprised to meet you in this remote village. Long time no see.
Yeah. How are you these days?

You look terrific and in good shape.
Thank you. How do you keep fit?
I do yoga twice a weeks
Yoga? It sounds interesting.
It was hard at the beginning, but now feel it's really relaxing. It makes me flexible.
Anything else?
Yes, I often go swimming. Are you interested in swimming?
Yes, I like it very much.

Are you going home now?
No, I'm not. What are you going to do? Are you going to work late?
No, I'm not. I'm going to look for an apartment.
An apartment? Why?
I'm going to try to find a place near the office.
Where are you living now?
Out in the suburbs. It's a long trip to work every day.
How are you going to find an apartment?
I'm going to buy a newspaper and check the classified ads.
Apartments in the city are expensive.
I know, but I'm going to enroll in a night school to take a course in business management.

no, no, you helped me with my computer last week. I want to repay the favor.
no, it's definitely my turn to treat you... you paid last time?!
oh, that was just a quick bite to eat---that doesn't count?!
ok, ok, how about we just go Dutch?
It's settled.
Listen, I'm still pretty new around here, would it be alright if you found the restaurant?
ok... sure.

I am waiting for a fax but just now I found there’s something wrong with the fax machine.
What’s wrong with the fax machine? Is it urgent?
Yes, very urgent. And there is no other fax machine around. And the office of our boss is closed, so I can not use his machine either. And his secretary is out. Do you have any suggestion?
Either call this extension number 0085 or ask them to send the fax to you as e-mail, you print it out.

Hey, Jim. It's time to wake up and get out of bed.
Do I have to get up now?
You'd better get up, or you'll be late.
What're you talking about? My alarm even hasn't gone off yet.
Yes, it did. It went off thirty minutes ago. You slept right through it. You're like a dead person while you sleep.
I must have slept right through it.
Rise and shine?! Sleepyhead?!
Just let me sleep five more minutes.
The early bird gets the worm.
I know, I know. But I don't want any worms. Ha?! Ha?!
If you don't make an effort now, later on it'll be a lot tougher for you.

What shall we do tonight?
How about the cinema?
That's a good idea. We haven't seen a film for ages. What would you like to see?
Oh I don't know. Titanic?
Titanic? That old film? but I've seen it before?!

I’Ve been told you might have a vacant room.
Yes. I have a spare room.
How much are you asking?
10.00 dollars a night.
Could I see the room, please?
Sure.Come on in.

Sit down, please. What's wrong with you?
I feel cold, and I'm shivering. I have a terrible headache and a sore throat.
How long have you been like that?
About a day.
Let me have a look at your throat first. Please open your mouth and say " ah ".
Ah... And show me your tongue... Thank you. That'll do. You have slight tonsillitis, and your throat is inflamed. How is your appetite?
Not so good. Now, let me take your temperature. Please put this thermometer under your armpit and let me feel your pulse? Your pulse is weak.
Do I have a temperature, doctor?
Yes, you have a high fever. I'd like to give you a blood test.

Yikes?! What was that noise?
I had to blow my nose.
Did you have to blow right next to the phone? Did you hear that?
Of course I heard that. I thought a plane had crashed into your house.
It wasn't that loud.
I will blow my nose sometime for you, and you'll see.
Okay. I'll take your word for it. I thought you had an elephant in your house.
You're funny.
What did you say? I think I've gone deaf.
I'm going into the bathroom to blow my nose. I'll be right back.

Can I have the check please?
Right away, sir.
Is this amount correct?
Yes, sir, it is.
Thank you, the service was good
Please come again.

Nowadays fewer and fewer people go to the movie theaters to see films. So I am afraid that the film studios are really getting hard time to survive.
What you said is true. But the film producers there are more flexible ways to get more audience. For example, to make more movie Ccds, so people will spend money buying them. But it is true that cinemas are losing the attraction they used to have in the past.
Yes. Take myself for example. I seldom go to cinemas, but it doesn't mean I no longer see films ; instead, I see films at home-watching Ccds.

Okay, well I’m sure you have a number of questions to ask me regarding the position.
Yes, well Miss Childs did give mean overview of the position over the phone, but there were some details I’d like to clarify.
Well feel free to ask me anything, and I’ll try to fill in the details. Could I first ask about the remuneration package?
Yes, of course. That’s quite an important point, isn’t it? As a junior sub editor we offer a starting salary of 150,000 HK dollars per annum. This doesn’t include a generous housing allowance also.
I understand. And are there other bonuses included?
Well, apart from full health insurance we do offer a company staff bonus scheme linked to readership numbers. But we could go through all the details of that at a later date.
Well, Mr. Parsons, I am flexible when it comes to salary. The opportunity to work in Hong Kong for you is the most important thing for me.
Excellent. Well, what other questions do you have Rebecca?

We need to take the accounts system offline to carry out the upgrade. But don't worry, it won't cause too much inconvenience. We're going to do it over the weekend.
How long will the system be down for?
We'll be taking everything offline in about two hours' time. It'll be down for a minimum of twelve hours. If everything goes according to plan, it should be up again by 6 pm on Saturday.
That's fine. We've allowed forty-eight hours to be on the safe side.

Welcome to IBA. Can I help you?
Yes, please. I'm here for an International Settlement. Our company has to effect payment, and it needs to be done today. Here's the advice slip for the payment.
Thanks. I'm sorry to say that you need to get this stamped. There is no stamp on this slip and it is essential before I can process it for you.
I see. So, I need to stamp it. And sign it too?
Yes, that's right. Down here, at the bottom right hand corner to show that you agree to pay the printed amount.
I'll go back to the office and get it sorted and pop back later.
Thanks, bye for now.

That's the warehouse where the large items of office equipment are stored. If I ordered a desk today, how would it be before I got delivery in Scotland?
Well, I think perhaps you'd better speak to our Production Manager, Mr. Yao. You'll meet him when we go over to the factory.

Excuse me. I have just missed the connection plane due to the heavy fog in London. Can I change my ticket now?
Please Show your ticket and passport.
Here you are.
Which flight do you want to change?
The next one to my destination. I have to be there as soon as possible.

Hi, can I speak with the apartment manager, please?
Hello, this is the apartment manager speaking.
I'm calling about the apartment for rent on Main Street.
Would you be interested in seeing the apartment?
I would love to see it.
Are you free today at around 6 p. m.?
Yes, I will be able to make it then.
Well, I'll see you at 6 p. m. Do you know how to get there?
I used to live in that area.
I'll give you an application form when I see you.
That sounds good. Do I need to bring anything?
No. Just bring yourself.

Good afternoon. Welcome to China. May I see your passport, customs and health declaration form?
Yes, here you are.
Thank you. W hat's your occupation, Mr. Smith?
I'm the general manager of the Far-East Industry Corporation. You are here on business, aren't you?
Yes, I have been invited by the East Import
I see. Do you have anything to declare?
Yes, I have some foreign currency to declare.
Would you please fill out this currency declaration form? It's a record of the foreign currency you have brought in.
All right.

How much does it cost for a bus pass?
It'll be $ 65 for a monthly pass.
Is there anything cheaper than that?
If you're in school, you can get a student pass.
Well, I am how much will that cost?
The pass is free.
I don't have to pay for anything?
You'll only have to pay for the monthly sticker.
How much is the monthly sticker?
It's $ 24 for each month.
I'll take the student bus pass.
Okay, I'll get you one.

I see there are some workmen on the site. When is the building work due to start?
Well, it'll take three weeks to demolish the old building and clear away the debris. We should be ready to start the construction work in week 23.
How long will the sub contractors be on site?
About ten weeks in total if everything goes according to plan.
I'm sure it will.
So, we should be able to start moving the machinery in during week 34.
I'll confirm that date with our suppliers.

Andrew's Hair Salon, this is Andrew.
Andrew, this is Linda Chen.
Hi Linda, what can I do for you?
I need to set up an appointment to get my hair fixed.
For what day?
Tuesday morning.

Have you bought a bus pass yet?
I'm not getting one.
Why is that?
It's cheaper if I don't buy one.
Buying a bus pass will save you money. How do you figure that?
There's no limit to how often you can use your bus pass.
Really? Plus, you don't have to use change for the bus anymore.
I like that.
You want to buy one now?
I'm going to.

Are you ready to order, sir?
Yes, I would like a roast duck and my friend wants steaks.
How do you like your steaks?
I'd like it medium-well.
OK, sir, wait a minute.

Hello, I want to know how much it costs to have a manicure and pedicure.
Usually it's 60 dollars for a manicure, and 80 dollars for a pedicure. But with this special discount, the total for both is only one hundred and 20 dollars, and you can get them painted.
That's nice. I'd like to give it a try. I think I like passion red. please.
Alright.Do you want your cuticles cut, too?
No. Would you like the shapes square or round?
Square. But with round at the edges, please.
All right, it's done. Please follow me to the drying section. How long will it take to get them dry?
Ten or about five minutes. You'll be all set.
I see, thank you.

Hello, this is Lucy. May I speak to Mr. Smith?
Oh, hello, Lucy. What's up?
I'm afraid I can't come to work today, Mr. Smith.
Oh, what's wrong with you?
I've got a fever and a very sore throat.
Well, you sound ill over the phone.
Yes. I have to stay in bed today, but I'll be able to come tomorrow.
That's all right. Have a good rest until you feel well enough.
Thank you, Mr. Smith. Goodbye.
Goodbye, Lucy.

Waiter, we have been waiting for 20 minutes. Would you mind hurrying?
I am sorry, sir, the fish you ordered will take a longer time because we make it with fresh fish.
That's fine. Would you please bring me some wine?
Sure, is dry white wine OK?
Yes.
Thank you.

Hi Bob, I won't be in work tomorrow.
Why, what's the problem?
I have a dentist appointment.
Okay.

I've come about your wools. According to our market survey, wools are likely to find a ready market in our country.
Wonderful?! We can meet your requirements and the offer is ready for you. Here it is. The unit price is USD 15.00 per kilogram.
Do you quote CIF or FOB?
It's FOB Shanghai. Could you quote the price of CIF Hamburg?
Certainly, that's easy. We will work out our CIF offer this evening. Could you come again tomorrow, say, at 10 AM?
Okay, see you tomorrow?!

Hi?! Do you want a fill-up?
Yes, please. Which type of gas do you want? Regular, Super, or Premium Unleaded?
What's the price difference?
Regular is $ 1.15, Super is $ 1.25 and Premium is $ 1.39.
Just fill it up with Regular, Unleaded, please. Do you want me to check the tires and the fluids?
Yes, I would. Thanks a lot.

Is your father in the habit of having naps?
Yes, all of us have naps.
Don't you feel dizzy when you have to get up?
No, not at all.

Excuse me. I need some storybooks in easy English. Do you have anything likethat?
Well, there are a lot of storybooks upstairs in our children's section. Some are written for young children, others for teens. Maybe some of them will suit your needs.
I'll go take a look. Thanks for your help.
You're welcome.

Good morning. I need to speak with the property manager, please.
Good morning. You are speaking to the property manager.
While it was raining last night, water started leaking in from the ceiling.
Was it leaking in the bedroom?
It was in the living room.
Can you tell me which floor you are on?
We are on the bottom floor.
I would like to look at the leak. Will you be home this morning?
Yes, someone will be here to let you in.
Just in case you have to leave, we will just use the master key.

How much is your last salary?
I have earned 10,000 a year including bonuses.
How much do you want us to pay you?
I like to be paid more than that. Hopefully, 150,000 a year.
To be honest, I left the company to get more income.

I hope you can help. I've got a bit of a problem with your ATM.
Of course, that's my job. Oh, dear. What's happened?
Well, it's eaten my card?! It won't give it back?!
I see... calm down, don't worry. May I ask what were you doing when it took your card?
Yes. I was only entering my PIN. I'm terrible at remembering it, I'm so forgetful, you see.
Mmmm... and exactly how many times did you enter it, please?
Maybe three times. As I said, I always forget it.
Ah?! Don't worry ; it's just a security measure. If someone uses a card and cannot get the right PIN after three attempts, the bank keeps the card in case it's stolen. Just contact the bank and we'll get it back to you.
Oh, I see. So if I call my branch they can sort everything out for me?
Yes, they'll be happy to help. Believe me, it happens to many people.
I'd better try harder to memorise my PIN in future. Thanks.

Is this the counter to pick up parcels?
Yes, it is. I want to pick up my parcels.
Please show me your parcel order.
OK. Here you are.
Let me check your parcel number. Song Ping's parcel number should be CP 06230221 5 CN.
Here is your parcel.
Thank you.
Not at all.

Hi Brittany. What are you doing with all of your clothes on your bed?
I'm trying to decide what to wear to school the first day.
Oh, A. Mom didn't tell you?
Didn't tell me what?
What? This Bs' school you're going to is going to make your life easy.
What are you talking about brother? Spill it.
Uniforms, sis, no more worrying about appearances?!
You mean I have to wear the same thing every day?
MOM?!

What would you like for your main dish?
Steak, please.
How would you like it?
Medium rare, please.
Anything else, sir? May I have a glass of red wine, please?
Of course.

Mr. Smith, do you like the hotel we booked?
Yes, we do. We like it very much.
I've come to make sure that your stay in Beijing is a pleasant one.
Thank you so much.

David, we have been doing business for three years, haven't we?
Yes, I'm glad we've had very pleasant cooperation in the previous years.
And your achievement for promoting our clothes was great in the three years. So, I wish to apply for the sole agency of your product in our local market. If you give us the agency, that will be more substantial for our cooperation.
To be frank, you are not the only one who applies for an agent for us in your country. I'd like to know some ideas of terms on which you would be willing to operate as our agent.
As we are a well-established company, we are very familiar with the customers' needs. Besides, we can make full use of our good connections with the wholesalers and retailers here and develop a good market for your products if appointed as your agent.
Sounds reasonable. I will tell my boss about you agent application. Another question, what do you think is the minimum annual sales you can guarantee?
To be on the safe side, and for garment of all materials, sizes, and styles, I think the amount will be 50,000 pieces a year.
Well. As our sole agency, you will neither handle the same or similar products of other origins nor re-export our goods to any other area outside your own.
No, certainly not.

Excuse me. I bought this circulator here yesterday but it doesn't work.
Oh, let's see what's wrong.

Where can I find the produce?
Aisle A is where you'll find all the produce.
What sales do they have today?
I'm sure something is on sale. Please check with the produce person.

Hello, this is Steven from Blue Sky Co. May I speak to Mr. James?
Speaking.
Excuse my troubling you. You purchased our products last year and now I am following up to find out about their workings. Are they still in good condition now?
Yeah, exactly?! I bought them last year. En... at present, they are still in good state.
That's it?! All of them have first-class quality and performance. Besides, we adopt advanced technology. Now we have developed new products. They are much better than what you have bought.
Your company is developing so fast. Maybe later on I will plan to buy more.
That's great?! Thanks for your support. If any, please remember to call us.
I am afraid I have to say goodbye now?!
Bye, Mr. James?!
Bye?!

Ms.Dawson, I need you to take a dictation for me.
Yes, sir... This should go out as an intra-office memorandum to all employees by this afternoon.Are you ready?
Yes, sir.Go ahead.
Attention all staff... Effective immediately, all office communications are restricted to email correspondence and official memos.The use of Instant Message programs by employees during working hours is strictly prohibited.
Sir, does this apply to intra-office communications only? Or will it also restrict external communications?
It should apply to all communications, not only in this office between employees, but also any outside communications.
But sir, many employees use Instant Messaging to communicate with their clients.
They will just have to change their communication methods. I don't want any - one using Instant Messaging in this office.It wastes too much time?! Now, please continue with the memo.Where were we?
This applies to internal and external communications.
Yes.Any employee who persists in using Instant Messaging will first receive a warning and be placed on probation.At second offense, the employee will face termination.Any questions regarding this new policy may be directed to department heads. Is that all?
Yes.Please get this memo typed up and distributed to all employees before 4 pm.

Do you have everything?
Let's see... my ID card, my passport, and my suitcase. I'm pretty sure I've got everything.

This is Dunlin. Is this Mrs Smith speaking?
Yes, what can I do for you?
I just want to call and say thank you for letting me interview yesterday.
You are welcome, Mr. Sun.
And I also want to know what the status is of the position.
Sorry, we haven't made the decision at all. But we should be making the decision by the end of this week. And we'll get in touch with you once we make it.
Do you have any questions we didn't cover in the interview?
No. Thank you, I am looking forward to hearing from you. Bye-bye.
Thank you for the calling. Bye-bye.

I often sneeze after having a bad itch inside my nose. Sometimes this is accompanied by an itching throat.
Any other discomfort?
Yes. Sometimes I can notice a constriction in the chest and shortness of breath after a fit of sneezing. And I often suffer from a running nose with a profuse watery discharge.
Does it occur seasonally or all year round?
It has been seasonal during these past three years.
Are you sensitive to other things?
Yes, things like seafood and penicillin-type drugs.
OK. Let me examine your nose. According to your case history and the examination, I believe that it's allergic rhinitis.
What useful treatment can you offer?
I'll give you a series of specific skin tests. Then we'll know exactly what substances you're allergic to. Then I'll give you some causes of desensitization therapy.

Miss, would you like to try this free sample of our new suntan cream?
Sure, why not?
This is a new product of company this year. It's oil-free.
I see. It feels very light on the skin.
It gives your skin a very natural healthy look. I like the cool smell, too.

So how can I make it?
First you make a list of what you wanna buy...
But I’Ve gotta have the budge before anything else.
Well, that’s a problem, isn’t it?

Did you have a part-time job when you were still in school?
No, I was way too busy studying all the time. How about you?
Yeah, I worked about twenty hours a week in a pizza restaurant.
What was that like?
It was always very busy there. What did you do?
I stood behind the register and took pizza orders.
Did you get any perks on the job?
Yeah, I got to eat as much pizza as I could for free.

Okay. I'd like to change some euro into US dollars, please.
Sure. How much would you like to change?
Six hundred euro.
Very good. May I see your passport?
Here you are.
How would you like your bills?
In fifties please.

Why are you reading the classifieds? What do you need?
I'm looking for a bookcase, but I don't want to buy a new one.
Are you having any luck?
Not really. There aren't any used bookcases listed. But there are a few rummage sales on Saturday. I think I'll go to them.
Do you mind if I go with you?
Not at all. These private sales are great places to bargain. And sometimes you can find terrific things among all the junk.
I learned to negotiate from my mother. I thought I was pretty good at bargaining, but I had a problem the other day at Kimble's Department Store.
What happened?
I wanted to buy a beautiful wool sweater for my girlfriend. It was priced at forty dollars, so I started by offering the salesclerk thirty.

Do you do a lot of your shopping online?
Not really. I like looking on the internet at what’s available, but I usually prefer to actually see and touch what I’m buying before I pay for it. Sometimes, I’ll look at something in a shop, but lat No. I’m a little worried about security. You never know who’s trying to find out your codes and passwords. Aren’t you worry about that?
Not really. I know that it happens, but if you buy from reputable companies with secure websites, you should be ok.
Even though I use online shopping facilities, I don’t think it’s the best way to sho
I’m surprised to hear you say that. I thought you loved anything technological.
I do. I’m a big fan of using new technology, but I don’t want to sit in front of a computer screen all day. I think people need to get out and interact with other people. So, how about coming to the department store with me? I want to see if there are any new summer clothes on sale yet.
Sure. I’d love to join you. Can we stop by the computer store? I just want to see if they have something.
Sure. While you’re in the computer store. I will visit the book store opposite. I like to browse through their books and see if they have anything interesting.
Ok. I’Ve finished online. Let’s go.
I’ll just get some money and my credit card.
Thanks for reminding me. I had forgotten to get mine.

Please help yourself at your dishes. I hope you’ll enjoy what you’Ve got.
It suits my taste. You are really a good cook.
Would you like to try my special recipe?
Wow, let me try. It tastes nice.
How did you make it?
It’s as easy as pie. I always follow recipes.

Mr. Dick. Does the recommendation of the university play an important role?
Yes. In fact, the recommendation letter written by the university is an indirect self-recommendation. In the long period of cooperation, the university has established good relationship with the companies or organizations, they trust each other well. If your university recommends you, you can be approved more easily.
But I find that most of the recommendation letters written by universities are the same. So I doubt its authority.
More and more persons have the same discoveries since most universities do that in order to save energy. If your university also does like this, you can look for other methods, because such kinds of recommendations say nothing for you. Could you tell me whether or not I send out my resume with it?
It depends. If it has something special or useful, I suggest you send it out.

Taylor, can you tell me how to apply for a job on the Internet?
Just fill out an application. Do I have to send an E-mail?
You are expected to know the E-mail address of the unit.
But I still don't know which unit is in need of staff. Send out an application through Job-wanted on the website.
Can any unit see my information?
It's a two-way choice. And your application will be read.
Which websites offer this service?
Sina, 21st Century Talent Net, and a few others.
Thank you.

Don’t throw your weight around. I can’t bear you any more.
I dare you to say that again.

Were you a leader when you were in college?
Yes. I was Propaganda department minister of our university.
Did you get any honors or awards at your university?
No. It’s a pity about it.
Were you involved in any club activities at your university?
Yes. I was a member of the basketball Society. I like playing basketball.
What extracurricular activities did you usually take part in at your college?
I sometimes played basketball and sometimes played football.

You want to argue your ticket today?
Yes. That is why I'm here.
Tell me your argument.
I was pulled over for allegedly speeding.
Are you sure you weren't speeding?
To be honest, I really wasn't.
What speed were you going?
I was under the speed limit. I was going 35, when the speed limit was 40.
I'm just going to let you go, since the arresting officer isn't here.
What about my ticket? Do I still need to pay?
Don't worry about it.
I'm so glad for your help.

Annie, do you like shopping online?
Yes, I like it, because it's convenient. Last week, I tried to buy a new cellphone online, but I didn't know how to pay for it.
First, you should open an account at the online bank. After that, you can buy anything you want online.
Are there many things online?
Sure. You can find everything all over the world. Let's check it out online?!
( They log in a shopping website. ) That's amazing. Oh, an on line virtual supermarket? Let's click to check it out. Oh, I got it. It simulates the real supermarket, which makes it feel so real.
Mom will love it. She loves shopping in supermarkets.

Ah, Bob. Just the person I wanted to see.
So what is it?
You gotta help me out this time, buddy.
Another tough thing, I guess.

Hey?! What happened??! My song was only half way through and it skipped to the next song.
I don't know what happened?! You cancelled the song, didn't you, Jack?
No, I didn't.
Really?! Then, is the machine broken or...

Good evening, Do you have a reservation?
Yes. The reservation under Mr. Watson.
Ah, yes, a table for four at 8 Em, no, thanks. I think we'll go straight to the table, By the way. may I check my overcoat here?
Certainly, sir. We'll keep it in the cloakroom for you. Here is your number. When you leave, show it to the waiter behind the counter, please.
Thank you. Could you show us to our table now? Would you please follow me, please?
Thank you. This is your table. It's Number 10.

Hello, ma’am. Can I help you? I’m looking for a sweater.
What size are you looking for?
Well, I’m looking for size 10 but you don’t have it.
How about this one? I think it looks terrific on you.
Yes, I like the color. Can I try it on?
Sure. The fitting room is on your right.
It fits well. I like it a lot. What do you think?
You look pretty in red.
Oh, it’s my favorite. How much is it?
$ 29.99.
Okay. I’ll take it. Thank you very much for your help.
You’re welcome.

Do you have any cars available?
We have only one mid-size car left.
Great, what's the rate per day?
It's 40 $ plus tax per day on limited mileage.
I'm going to need it for three days. Can I see your driver's license?
Sure, here is my driver's license.
Please sign here.

Are you ready to order? I think that we have a pretty good idea of what we would like to order.
Let me tell you about the specials of the day, which are chicken in a wine sauce with capers, and grilled garlic shrimp.
I was wondering if the chef could leave off the sauce.
The chef would be happy to accommodate your special requests.
I am a vegetarian. Do you have any vegetarian selections?
You could choose the roasted vegetable and garlic pizza or the goat cheese and candied walnut salad.
I think that we will split the roasted vegetable and garlic pizza.
That is a good selection, and I can bring your salads now or serve them with your entree.
You can bring us our salads when you bring us our entree.

I can't open this email attachment our Paris office has sent me. Are you sure you're using the right program?
Well, yes it's definitely the same program but I might have the wrong version. Their system is newer than ours.
That's why you can't open it. You'll have to upgrade before you can read the file.

What kind of character do you think you have?
Generally speaking, l am an open-minded person.
What is your strongest trait?
Cheerfulness and friendliness.
How would your friends or colleagues describe you?
They say Mr. Sun is a friendly, sensitive, caring and determined person.
What personality do you admire?
I admire a person who is honest, flexible and easy-going.
How do you get along with others?
I get on well with others.

Hi, I need to make an appointment to see the doctor.
What seems to be the problem?
I have a rash that I need a doctor to look at.
Do you have a fever with that rash?
No, it just itches a lot.
I have openings on Tuesday or Wednesday. Which would be best for you?
I need an appointment on Tuesday.
Fine, I am putting you down for 9
I would like to see Dr. Jones.
I can schedule you with him with no problem.
We look forward to seeing you.

Wow?! What's the hold up?
It’s probably just people trying to get an early start out of the city for the weekend. Nobody sticks around in the summer.
Really? Then, I guess I won’t have a hard time finding a room or getting a cab?
Actually, you might because there’s a big convention in town this weekend.
I’m not too worried about it. I always seem to find something.

Hello, how can I help you today?
I'd like to withdraw some money from my account.
Please fill out this slip stating how much you wish to withdraw.
Well, actually, it's quite a substantial amount. Here's my Bank Book. Will that cause a problem?
On your account there is no limit to over the counter withdrawals, it won't cause a problem.
Here's your money, 10,000 RIB. Please count it before you leave.
Yes, that seems to be all in order. Thanks very much.

Quality is very important to us. We work to very low tolerance levels. We need to have guaranteed supplies of consistently high quality raw materials. Over the years we've built up very good relationships with our suppliers.
Do you have many different suppliers?
Yes. There are about fifty names on our approved supplier list, but for raw materials we tend to deal with three local companies.

Mary, can you tell me how you keep in shape?
You'll never be in shape until you eat less and take more exercise. Now, tell me what you often eat.
I often eat fish and eggs. Do you eat a lot of vegetables?
Oh yes, and fruits. I love fruits very much.
What do you like to drink?
Well, I never drink alcohol, coffee or tea. Whatever would you like to drink?
I drink a lot of milk. I drink milk almost every day. How often do you exercise?
Well, I walk every day. It's a good diet and a regular exercise.
Yes, quite right.

I am sorry, but I cannot stay for the rest of class today.
Why do you need to leave early?
I don’t feel so good. What doesn’t feel right?
I feel as if I am going to be sick to my stomach.
Perhaps you should get checked out at the Student Health Center before you go home.
I have some medicine at home that I could take.
Are you going to be OK to drive home, or would you like someone to go with you?
Thank you, but my friend is in the library, and he can give me a ride home.
We hope that you are feeling better soon. E-mail me if you have any questions.

Your boyfriend is so considerate to you. When do you plan to marry?
It’s still up in the air. There is something wrong between us.

We're considering of ordering 200 computers, but I'm wondering about the price you'll possibly offer.
Our price will be not less than $ 5000.
Your price is higher than I expected. Could you give us a little discount?
This is already our best price. But the price is always negotiable and you should consider our quantity of order.
Well, what would you suggest? Could you make it $ 4500?
I'm afraid that there is no room to negotiate the price. This is the best price we can quote.
Can we meet each other half way?
What do you mean? Let's close the deal at $ 4800, OK?
You drive a hard bargain?! OK, that's a deal.

I'm now on the Songshan airport getting ready for departure. I realized that I might have left my watch.
Yes, Ma'am. May I have your name and room number?
My name is Terry. I stayed last night in your hotel in room 132. What kind of watch is it?
It's a brand-new Seiko wrist watch.
Yes, we have it.
Oh, I'm glad to hear that. Would you kindly send it to the Hilton Hotel?

What are your thoughts on the apartment?
I think that it’s absolutely gorgeous.
There aren’t any problems with the apartment?
I think that the apartment looks very nice, but I do see some problems.
What problems?
I did notice a few stains in the carpet.
We will have the carpet cleaned before you move in.
You will?
Yes, but other than that, are there any more problems?
That was the only thing that I saw that was wrong with the apartment.
I’m happy that you find this apartment so appealing.
It is. I love it.

That China-gown of Tang-Dynasty style is so beautiful. Would you show it to me, please?
Absolutely. Here it is.
Could I try it on?
Please do, the fitting-room is over there.
It feels a little tight around the waist. Do you have a bigger one?
I'm sorry. We don't have this color in your size. We have some green ones in your size. Would you please have a look at this green one?
OK. How much does it cost?
It's 486 yuan.
Mmm, it is reasonable.

Mrs. Wang, would you give us an idea of the price you regard as workable?
As I said before, your price is so high that we find it difficult to make a bid. We hope you will take the initiative and bridge the gap.
Just to comply, we're ready to reduce the price by 5 percent. I hope this concession of ours will get the ball rolling.
So do we. Certainly it's a step forward on your side. But the gap is still too wide.
The ball is in your court, Mrs.Wang. What price would you suggest?
To make your offer workable, I think you should take another step down as big as the one you've just taken.
That won't do. You see, our profit margin is very narrow. It simply can't stand such a big cut.
I hate to disappoint you, Mr. Brown, but if that's the case, we have no alternative but to cover our requirements elsewhere.
Do think it over, please. We sincerely hope our discussion will come to a successful conclusion.
Well, I'm not authorized to agree to such a big reduction. Would you mind waiting a day or two, until I get a reply from the home office?
Not at all. Shall we meet again, say, on Friday morning?
Good. Friday morning at 9.

Good morning. Good morning.This is Mary.Can I speak to Anne please?
I’m sorry She isn’t in at the moment. She will come back at half past nineCan I take a message for her?
Thank you.But I will call her later
OK.Goodbye.
Goodbye.

Hi, Jane. How are you doing this morning?
I’m all right, thanks. Just a little tired.
Late night?
Yeah, I got home around two.

We've been waiting here for nearly ten minutes now, and there still isn't a bus in sight. I'm afraid we'll be late for the party. Have you got the time, Tom?
Yes, my watch says a quarter to seven. but there is something wrong with my watch?!
But you bought it only last month.
Yes, but ever since I bought it, it gains about five minutes a day, so I' Ve got to have it repaired.
How long will it take us to get there?
I think about ten minutes by bus.
It's not far away, then. Let's walk, it's beginning to rain.
Wait?! I think I see a bus coming now.
Let's hope it's the No. 22 bus.

Hi, Mr. Smith. I'm Doctor Hawkins. Why are you here today?
I found it would be a good idea to get a check-up.
Yes, well, you haven't had one for 5 years. You should have one every year.
I know. I figure as long as there is nothing wrong, why go see the doctor?
Well, the best way to avoid serious illnesses is to find out about them early. So try to come at least once a year for your own good.
Ok. Let me see here. Your eyes and ears look fine. Take a deep breath, please. Do you smoke, Mr. Smith?
Yes.
Smoking is the leading cause of lung cancer and heart disease, you know. You really should quit.
I've tried hundreds of times, but I just can't seem to kick the habit.
Well, we have classes and some medications that might help. I'll give you more information before you leave.
Ok, thanks doctor.

Good afternoon. Mr. Tylor's office?
I'm afraid you've got the wrong extension.
I'm sorry, but could you please transfer this call to Mr. Tylor's office?
Sure, please hold on.
Thank you. Now Mr. Tylor's on the line. Go ahead, please.
You are so kind, you helped me a lot.
You are welcome. Bye?!

Good afternoon, Lexington Software. Angelina Dawson, how can I help?
Hello, this is Quinn from IBA.
Ah, hello Quinn. Oh dear, you are calling to tell me there is a problem, aren't you?
I'm afraid so, yes.
Hmm... well, it was my first attempt?! Is it a very big mistake, or can we just alter it?
Unfortunately it's rather a big mistake.
What do you recommend we do?
I would recommend we scrap this one and you bring in another set as soon as possible.
I trust your judgement. Thank you, Quinn. I'll be back tomorrow with a new set. Bye for now.

Oh?!?!?! I have a horrible toothache.
You should go to the dentist.
I hate dentists.
Well, suffer then. If you have a toothache, you have to go to the dentist. It always hurts.
I hate going.
Stop being such a baby. If it really hurts that much, just let them knock you out.
O. K., O. K., I’ll go.
Good. You'll feel better after you do.

Hi, I would like to purchase a one way ticket to Brussels, please.
Certainly sir, this is our train schedule. We have an express train departing every morning and an overnight train that departs at nine pm.
How long does it take to get there?
About twelve hours. We currently have tickets available only for first class on the express train. If you’d like, you can choose a sleeper on the overnight train which is a bit less expensive.
Yeah, I think that is the best option. Do you serve food on the train? Twelve hours is such a long time?!
Yes, of course. There is a dining car towards the front of the train where they serve meals at all times. We do provide complimentary water and coffee for all of our passengers.
Great?! I’ll take it. Here you are sir. Your train leaves from platform number nine at nine on the dot. Remember to be here at least thirty minutes before your scheduled departure time or else you might miss your train?!
I understand. Thank you very much?! Have a great trip.

I would like to take a trip to the beach this weekend.
A trip to the beach would be fun. How is the weather going to be?
The forecast says that it will be warm on the weekend.
So do you think it'll be perfect weather for the beach?
It sounds like it will be. I really hope it doesn't get cold. That would ruin things, I want to go so badly.
The weather in California is unpredictable, so you never know.
That is true. The weather is constantly changing. It would be nice if the weather would never change.
That would be great, then we could plan things sooner. True.
Predictable weather would make life easier.

Some companies use to ban dating among employees, but now they have realized it is something in avertable. People spend so much time at work. It is not surprising for one to have a crash on the other. If we think positively, office love can be beneficial to company.
Beneficial? I don’t think so. If two employees get married, they will leave at the same time for a honeymoon, or later one of them will stay at home taking care of babies. If they break up, the company will probably have to relocate one of them to make the workplace more comfortable. By any means, the company must spare extra efforts to solve problems brought by an office dating.
But if two employees are in love, they will be happy. Happy people are more productive. If they develop an intimate relation with each other, they are willing to share knowledge and experience. It can help to improve work efficiency.
I doubt that.

Do you eat a lot of healthy food?
Compared with healthy food, unhealthy food just tastes so much better. And anyway, I believe if you live a low stress Life and are active, you can get away with eating whatever you like. It's all in the mind.
You have the point. I think cancer is caused by more worry than by the things we consume. Some good things you should try are cranberry juice, wild rice and yoghurt.
What's special about these things?
Cranberry juice is very good for destroying harmful bacteria in your guts because it's very acidic. Wild rice is high in fibre so it's good for your guts and it's high in protein and minerals-I think it's also tastier than normal rice. Yoghurt's good because it's also rich in protein, vitamins and is also acidic. People have been making yoghurt for thousands of years and if you have it every day, your guts will be much more settled.
Thanks. I'm going to follow your advice and pop down to the supermarket right now.

I've been so tired recently. I've been trying, but I don't think I'm up to this job.
You need to take a break, maybe a vacation. Oh, yes, indeed. I've run out of steam.
To be honest, I want to be in a different environment.
Is that so?
Yes, I don't want to be stuck in a rut. I want to move on.
Have you decided?
Yes. I want to get a better job.
Could you tell me why you want to quit?
I quit just because of the dissatisfying salary and the trouble in getting along with my colleagues.
Oh, that's terrible. Do you want to get a higher salary in our company?
I'm afraid not. I've promised my girlfriend. We'll travel southwards to find a job that offers higher pay.
OK, I'd like to say that I've really enjoyed working with you. However, I think you should work harder for your new job and then you can ask for higher pay.
Thank you so much for your advice. And every best wish for your new job.
Thank you.

The train is leaving. Hurry up?! Which car are we in?
Let me see. Oh, No. 11. Here we are, Car 11. Let's get in.
Seats No. 20 and 21. It’s nice that we’Ve got a window seat.
Let's put our suitcases on the rack.
Oh, the baggage rack is full. Put them under the seat for the time being.
All right.

So, how should we get to the theatre? Let's take the bus.
I hate the bus system in London?! The bus drivers are rude, the buses are never on time, and there are few people around who can help you.
It's not that bad. You probably just had a bad experience once.
It wasn't just once. Every single time I take the bus, something bad happens to me or to someone else on the bus.
We could take the subway, but we'd have to go three stops along one line and then change trains twice. Train fares are twice as expensive as the bus fare, too.
If we don't hurry up, we'll miss the show. Should we take the bus?
We're already late, so I think we had better take a taxi.
I don't think we'll be able to find a taxi very easily during hush hours. Let's just take the bus.
Fine. Have a look at the timetable to find out when the next one arrives.
It looks like it should be here in just a few minutes. don't worry. Nothing bad will happen. I'll even buy your ticket for you.
Thanks, that was nice of you.
See, now something good has happened to you on a bus trip?!

Let's go over this plan again. From Vancouver, we bike along the border all the way to Winnipeg. And that is mostly flat, right?
Relatively, once we're out of Alberta, anyway. Then it's hills again in Aitoba.
And from Winnipeg we go around the lakes through Toronto, right?
That's right. And up in to Quebec. And that's where we stop.
It doesn't sound like that much when we go over the plan but that's a long, long ride. Are you ready for the cross country of a lifetime?

Good morning, sir. What can I do for you?
I'm Bill. I'm in Room 908. Can you change the room for me? It's too noisy. My wife was woken up several times by the noise the baggage elevator made. She said it was too much for her.
I'm awfully sorry, sir. I do apologize. Room 908 is at the end of the corridor. It's possible that the noise is heard early in the morning when all is quiet.
Anyhow, I'd like to change our room.
No problem, sir. We'll manage it, but we don't have any spare room today. Could you wait till tomorrow? The American People-to-people Education Delegation will be leaving tomorrow morning. There'll be some rooms for you to choose from.
All right. I hope we'll be able to enjoy our stay in a quiet suite tomorrow evening and have a sound sleep.
Be sure. I'll make a note of that. Everything will be taken care of. And if there is anything more you need, please let us know.

It's time for bed.
I'm not ready to go to sleep. I'm not tired.
It's quite late, and you have an early day tomorrow.
I'm not going to be able to fall asleep.
Why don't you try counting sheep?
I've tried that before. It really doesn't work.
That's beside the point, you still need to go to bed.
Why can't I just stay up until I fall asleep?
If I let you do that, then you're just going to be up all night.
I promise I'll go to sleep soon.
No, you're going to sleep now, so good night.
See you in the morning.

I see myself as being honest, diligent, persevering and creative. And I have a strong sense of responsibility.
How about your psychological resilience?
I think I can work well under pressure, if necessary.
How would you deal with those who are not easy to get along with?
I will just be sincere and friendly to others, and I believe they will treat me the same way.
You seem to be a kind-hearted lady.
Thank you. I simply believe the goodness of human nature.
Please tell me your weaknesses if you can.
I should admit that sometimes I care too much about the details. I am always in pursuit of perfection.

Karen? I need to go over a few things with you.
Certainly. Mr. Graham. When would you like to meet?
I was thinking about this afternoon, after the sales meeting.
Fine. At 3:30?

I believe we' Ve met before. My name's David.
Yes, at your company, I think. I'm Frank.
Oh, I remember now.Very nice to meet you again.
Nice meeting you, too.

I made my little brother cry.
Shame on you?!

I need some mascara. Do you have good thickening mascara?
Of course. Here is our thickening mascara. We also have mascara designed to lengthen the eyelashes.
Alright. And I want to consider your eye shadow too. Do you have a color chart can look at?
We have a very wide selection of colors. And our eye shadow is specially designed to moisturize the skin. So it is very gentle on your eyelids. Would you like to sample some?
Oh, sure I will need to clean off my own eye shadow first.
I can help you with that.
Thank you.

Is this the baggage claim area for flight KB256?
Yes, we are on the same plane.
But I am a transfer passenger. I have a connecting flight to Miami.
So you have to bring your baggage to the transfer check-in area.
Yes.It' s quite troublesome. Why not go and find a porter?

Billy, you don’t look too well. Maybe you should take the day off school.
But Mom?! Today we’re playing football?! I love football?!
You’Ve got a fever and playing football isn’t a good idea for a boy with a fever.
What’s that on your arm?
I don’t know. It was there when I woke up this morning.
It’s rash. I’d better take you to see the doctor.
How did you get that bruise on your leg?
I bashed it against the chair in my room.
Does it hurt?
A little, but not much. Here. Put this wet towel on your face to keep your temperature down. I’ll take you to the doctor’s after breakfast.
If I’m better this afternoon, can I go to school?
If you are better, but I doubt you will be.

This is your schedule.
You're going out of your way for us, I believe.
You are our honored guests.

Are there any vacancies still available?
Yes. We need a plumber here.
I am looking for a job that is more advanced than that, such as sales manager or regional manager.
I am sorry. They are not available now.

My name is Mary, and I will be your waitress tonight.
Thank you, Mary. We have been looking forward to trying out this restaurant.
Before your main course, would you like to order an appetizer?
Sure, that sounds great. Where are your appetizers listed?
There is a special appetizer menu right here in the center of the table.
The chicken and cheese quesadilla looks good. Is that pretty good?
You know, that is one of my favorites?!
OK, I'll take one order of that.
You could choose another appetizer for half price to share.
Perfect?! Please add on an order of onion rings.

I am waiting for a fax but just now I found there's something wrong with the fax machine.
What's wrong with the fax machine? Is it urgent?
Yes, very urgent. And there is no other fax machine around. And the office of our boss is closed, so I can not use his machine either. And his secretary is out. Do you have any suggestion?
Either call this extension number 0085 or ask them to send the fax to you as e-mail, you print it out.

I would like to speak to you, if you don’t mind.
What would you like to speak to me about?
I would like to talk to you about this year’s election.
Is that right? I am a volunteer for this year’s campaign.
That’s wonderful. I am impressed at someone so young taking a stand. I know history is about to be made, and I would like to be a part of it.
That’s fantastic. Are you planning on voting?
I’m going to vote. Go to your polling place early on Election Day.
I will.
Good luck with your volunteering.

We hope that there will be no repetition of this kind of trouble in the future.
Yes. I promise it will not happen again.
We look forward to your settlement at an early date.
We will inform you as soon as possible.

Hello, Steven. How do you get along with your job?
Actually, I learn many things from it. I find that I am a quick learner in new things.
Practice makes perfect. By the way, what do you learn from your job?
At first I didn't know anything about the machine. Now I know how to operate it. Besides, the work gives me a sense of fulfillment and achievement.
Yeah, you are a good learner. I must commend you for your good performance.
Thank you. That's a long way to go for my job.
I appreciate your effort very much. The coffee break is over. it's about time we set to work.
OK, let's go.

Where on earth are we?
Judging by all the traffic, I'd say we're near the outskirts of the city.
What did I do wrong? Did I take a wrong turn?
I'm not sure, but I think you turned right when you should have turned left on the flyover bridge.
Well, now we should turn back a few kilometres. It seems that the traffic sign is much more important than the map.

Hello. Front desk.
Yes. This is Bob Robinson. I’m calling from room number 627.
Hi, Bob. What can I do for you? Is it possible to change to another room?
Could you please tell me why? My room is facing the swimming pool. It’s noisy for me. I have a problem sleeping. And I feel uncomfortable when I take an elevator.
So you need a quiet side room on the lower floor.
You’re right. Okay. Let me check for a room on the first floor.
Thank you.
I’Ve only two rooms on the first floor. How about room 108?
That’s fine. Can I move now?
Sure. I’ll send the bellman to help you.
Oh, thank you kindly.
You’re welcome.

How long will it take for our order to be delivered?
Let's see. You are importing fifty containers of textiles from China. They should be able to place your order before the end of next week. It will take 2 days for shipping to the port city of Ningpo. The freight will take 3 weeks on the open ocean and will arrive in Los Angeles approximately a month from today. Domestic shipping will be your responsibility, you can make arrangements with the pier in Los Angeles.
Fine, we will handle domestic shipping, but what about customs? Will we have to pay tariff on our imports?
I hope we don't run into any problems with the border control.
No, the Chinese company has that all worked out. With the paperwork you receive with the shipment, you should be good to go.

Now you're my boss, Mr. Henry. Do you have any other particular conditions that you would like the company to take into consideration?
No, nothing in particular. You may ask questions about us, if you have any.
All right. When can I start?

What are you doing here today?
I would like to fight my ticket.
Is the arresting officer in the courtroom today?
Yes, the officer is here today. What's your case?
I was pulled over for running a red light, but I never did.
Do you believe that the officer lied?
There was a camera on the signal. So, he was obviously lying.
Your license plate was caught on camera?
A picture of my license plate was never taken.
Since there is no picture of your license plate on record, I'm going to let you go.
Thank you. I'm glad that you believe me.

Hey Joe, what are you doing in this department store?
Hi, Rita, I'm just looking for a pair of shoes. I won't be here for long.
Why not? When I go shoe shopping, I have so many options for sneakers that I spend awhile looking at all of the choices.
That's my problem. I don't have a lot of options. What do you mean?
This is a big store, isn't it?
Yes, but I have unusually big feet. That wouldn't be too much of a problem except that they're also very wide, and only a few brands sell shoes that I can fit into.
So how do you usually go about buying shoes, then?
Well, first of all, I can only go to certain stores that can guarantee me a large selection.
Well, you're in the right store. If they don't have it, no one will.
After that I choose something from one of the few brands that I know will fit me. I prefer white, so I ask them to bring me a pair of white sneakers in my size. Since I’m usually only given one or two pairs of shoes that meet my qualifications, it makes it a very easy choice.

what shall we do after the volleyball match?
how about going to the Olympic souvenir store to have a look? I remember there is one in the gym.
that's a good idea. I was thinking of buying some gifts for my family. me, too.
What did you have in mind?
I haven't decided yet, but I think the Olympic Mascots are a must.
I agree. They're very lovely, especially " Huan Huan ".
is that the red one? That is my favorite, too. Do you know how much they are?
the five dolls are sold together as a set, and they're priced according to the size. The bigger they are the more expensive.
oh, I see. If I buy more than a set, can I get any discount?
I don't think so. All the souvenirs of the Olympic Games are very hot right now.
any other ideas?
there are lots of things, such as postcards, key chains, posters and various arts and crafts.
it all sounds great. We can go there after the match. I can't wait to see what they have.

Mom?! I hate eating vegetables?!
You don’t have to eat them. I don’t mind.
Thanks mom?! Can I have dessert now? I love chocolate cake?!
No dessert for you unless you eat all your vegetables.
But I don’t like them?! It’s not fair?!
You can have some fruit for dessert. If you eat an apple and a banana, I might let you have a small piece of chocolate cake.
Ok... actually, I don’t mind eating peas and carrots, buy I hate broccoli and cauliflower.
I’ll remember that for next time. You’ll get extra peas and carrots, buy no broccoli or cauliflower. OK?
Thanks mom?!

It was very kind of you to give me a tour of the place. It gave me a good idea of your product range.
It’s a pleasure to show our factory to our customers. What’s your general impression, may I ask?
Very impressive, indeed, especially the speed of your NW Model. That’s our latest development. A product with high performance.
We put it on the market just two months ago. The machine gives you an edge over your competitors, I guess.
Certainly. No one can match us as far as speed is concerned.
Could you give me some brochures for that machine? And the price if possible.
Right. Here is our sales catalog and literature.
Thank you. I think we may be able to work together in the future.

Is the factory fully-automated?
Not completely. Our production process is partially-automated. We use robots on the production line for routine assembly jobs but some of the work is still done manually.
What about supply of parts to the production line?
Well, the parts are automatically selected from the store room using a bar-code system. And there is an automatic feeder which takes them to the conveyor belt at the start of the production line.
What about the smaller components?
They're transported to the workstations on automated vehicles - robot trucks - which run on guide rails around the factory.

I'm glad you're on your ten-year reunion planning committee.
Yeah, you get the TV to yourself while I spend my nights surfing the Net for missing classmates. That's not why. This way I can see how you guys do this sort of thing.
I guess. Don't you have reunions in Taiwan?
Definitely. Every year. But just for our forty-person class. Ours are for everyone that graduated in the same year.

What does your job involve?
I'm the Project Manager so I have to make sure our projects run smoothly. I work with three Project Engineers. They take care of after-sales service and look after the maintenance side of the business.

How many languages can you speak?
Besides Chinese, I can speak English and French. You mean you can read and write both of them?
No, I can only carry on a simple conversation in French.
Can you read and write English well?
I can speak the language better than read and write.
Do you speak the language well enough to communicate with people of English-speaking countries?
I think so. I used to be an interpreter. Do you think your English is good enough to do desk work?
The amount of English I know enables me to do general desk work. I believe what I know is sufficient to work in an American firm.

What can I get for you? Here is the menu.
Let me have a look. Well, how many kinds of steaks do you have?
We have sirloin steaks, pepper steak, and filet steak.
Is there something go with the filet steak?
Yes, we have various sauces.
What about the gravy?

Are you ready to go shopping?
Just a minute. I need to make a list of thinks that we need.
Good idea. Have you written down potatoes, carrots, and onions?
I don’t have onions on my list. I’ll add them. We should get some tea. Is green tea ok or should we get the same tea that we usually get?
Let’s get both. We need some coffee too. Is that on your list?
Yes, it is. Here’s my list. Is there anything that I’Ve forgotten?
I think you’Ve got everything. I want to got some chocolate and some cheese.
What kind of cheese do you want.
I’m not sure. I’ll decide at the cheese counter, when I can see what they have.
Have we got enough money?
We don’t have enough cash, so I’ll take my credit card and we can pay with that.
Where are the car keys?
I’Ve got them there. Shall I drive?

Hello, can you tell me how to use the telephone?
If you want to order meals, call 8801.If you need other help, call 8803 and someone will be there.
Thank you so much. By the way, is there a mail service?
Yes, you can take your letters to the counter over there.

I am afraid that the fax machine in my room won’t be working till tomorrow. A technician has just come and checked it. He will bring me a new one tomorrow. It seems there is a big problem with mine and it will take some days for repairing. Can I use the one in your office?
Of course you can. I am sure this one works very well. I just sent dozens of pages. How many pages are you sending? Are you familiar with my fax machine?
Yes, I think you have the same model as I have.
Does your fax machine print out immediately a transmission protocol?
Yes, it will print immediately.

How many years have you done business with China?
Let me see, about five years, we established our business relationship with Hua Mei of China Import & Export Corporation in 2003.
Do you have any difficulties in doing business in China? You know the Chinese economic legislation is still incomplete?
I don't think I have any problem with our Chinese partners. They have always followed the contract strictly. We can do business directly with the corporation. As I mentioned before, the Chinese government is trying very hard to perfect its law. Its commercial legislation provides legal protection for foreign companies.
Well, it's known that the Sino-American relation is in a dilemma. Does it influence your business in China?
Actually not at present. But we are afraid it will. You know policies influence business to some extent.
I hope our government will not be influenced by some extremists. China is really a large market. We don't want to lose it.
Thank you.
You're welcome.

Give me a pack of first-class stamps, please.
Here you are. That will be five dollars. Anything else?
Yes. I want some post cards and some airmail stamps. I want to send some letters to South America.
Just a moment, I'll look up the rate for air-mail letters to South America.
Can you tell me how much it will cost to send a package to Colombia? Also, I what to know how long it will take.
Do you have the package with you? I would have to weigh it to see how much it would cost. Do you insure package?
Yes. All you have to do declare the value of the package and decide how much you want to insure it for.
Is there a way that I can be sure that the people in South america receive my package?
The post office rarely loses package. You can, however, request a rectum receipt.
One last question-what are your hours?
We open at eight-thirty in the morning and close at five-thirty in the afternoon.
Thank you, you helped me a lot.

Hello, thank you for taking the time to interview me.
Hi there, I’m Bill Gotcha, the owner of Gotcha Enterprises. Did you find your way here OK?
Your assistant gave wonderful directions.
Why are you switching jobs at this point in your career?
Our Company is moving overseas and I wish to stay in the United States.
What are you best at?
I am good at organizing systems that have been having problems.
What is your biggest challenge in terms of skills?
I don’t like to sit around and so like to always find things to do to keep myself busy.
That is good to hear?!

Good morning. SRC international. How may I help you?
Good morning. I'd like to speak to Peter. Chen Please.
Certainly. Who should I say is calling?
This is Tim. Hunter from Hunter industries.
And what is it regarding please?
We have an appointment for this afternoon. Mr. Chen will know why I'm calling.
Of course, Please hold the line Mr. Hunter.

Right, let me run through your options. You can go ahead and cash your undue Large-Amount Deposit Certificate if you really want to, but I'd recommend a Personal Durable Commodities Loan.
OK, what does that entail?
It's not too much trouble to do it this way and remember, your certificate is due in 2 months. If you can hold on to it, it'll be much better for your finances.
Yes, it does seem a little silly to cash it now. I'll probably need about 25,000 RIB. Will that be a problem?
Not at all, Mr Zu. As the certificate is due in 2 months, you can get the loan on mortgage of that certificate.
I'm glad you thought of this. I'd have just gone ahead and cashed it?! And I suppose I can use the money from the certificate to pay back this Personal Durable Commodities Loan and I won't lose any interest, right?
Exactly right. If you'd like to go ahead, I can process that for you now, Mr Zu.
Absolutely, Jenny. Thanks very much, I think you've saved me quite a lot of money today.

My aunt told me one of her secrets--cellophane tape. I just got it at the special health store. It's for my flabby arms.
Let me know how it works. I have to say, I have had enough of this roller coaster.
I know what you mean. I'm like a yo-yo. Last week I was down to 60 kilos. This week I had one donut more. Now I'm up to 62 kilos.

May I have a menu, please?
Of course. Could you tell me how this thing is cooked? Lobster?
It is steamed and served with our special sauce.
Is it good?
Sure. It is a most popular dish.
I think I will try some lobster, and give me some green salad together.

Can’t you come in and have tea now, Peter?
Not yet, I must water the garden first.
Do you have to water it now?
I’m afraid I must. Look at it?! It’s terribly dry.
What a nuisance?! Last summer it was very dry, too. Don’t you remember? I had to water it every day.
Well, I’ll have tea by myself.
That was quick?! Have you finished already? Yes, Look out of the window. It’s raining.
That means you needn’t water the garden.
That was a pleasant surprise. It means I can have tea, instead.

I'm broke, and I have to catch another bus.
Why don't you have any money for another bus?
I got hungry and bought some chips.
That was smart.
Anyway, do you have any change I can use for the bus?
I don't have any.
I don't know how I'm going to get home.
Get a transfer from the bus driver.
How much is a transfer?
It doesn't cost anything.
That's great?! Thanks for your help.
You know what? Don't mention it.

Hello, Anna. Come in and sit down.
Hello, doctor.
What's the matter? I've got a backache.
Do you often suffer from backache?
No, I don't. I've never had a bad one before. When did it start?
About four days ago.
Well, go home and rest in bed for two days, then you'll feel better. Can you give me some medicine? It's very painful.
Yes, I'll give you some pills. Take one a time and three times a day, and come back in three days. If you don't feel...

Welcome on board. May I see your boarding pass?
Here you are. Your seat is three, in the third row, near the window.
Thank you. Where can I put my suitcase?
Either in the overhead compartment or underneath the seat.
Everyone's attention, please. We are going to take off. Please fasten your belts.

Hello, madam. How do you like your staying here?
Quite good. Excuse me, are there any places of interest?
Yes, there are so many near our hoteI. Three blocks away from here, there is temple. It's famous for its building and paintings. lt' s worth visiting.
Thank you. I think today we will go there.

You're here to make a deposit, is that correct?
Right. I'd like to deposit 2,000 RIB into my Current Account.
No problem. Could I have the cash and your Bank Book, please?
Oh dear... there seems to be some problems here... What? What's wrong?
I'm sorry but 5 of these notes seem to be counterfeit. Look at this watermark, do you see it?
It does look a little strange, I didn't notice that before.

Hello, sir. Is there anything I can help you find?
Um... Uh... I'm just looking, thanks.
Need a gift for your girlfriend or wife...
No, no, no. I'm just browsing. Thanks anyway.
Well, if you need anything, just ask. Um... well, where's the men's shoe department?
It's on the third floor. Turn left when you get off the escalator.
Thanks.

An idea about killing time on a train?
I advise you to read Playboy.You can get a lot from it.
But there's quite a lot of rumors about it.
That's why it's interesting.

Have you brought the receipt with you?
No, I don't. I left it home.
Sorry, but we can't do anything without the receipt. Come back with it.
I didn't know. I'll go to get it. How late will you be open?
Till 5:30.

I haven't told you what happened yet, have I?
I haven't heard anything.
My boss offered me a promotion, and I took it.
Are you serious?
Yes, I am really excited.
That's great. Congratulations?!
Thank you.
Actually, I could not believe it at first. You know, there're so many outstanding people in our company. Many of them are qualified to fill that position.
Sure, but you really did great and outperformed the others. You deserved it?!
Thank you very much.

I like Chinese food.
I like Chinese food, too. I like dumplings best. At school, we sometimes have Chinese food for lunch.
That's good. We eat Chinese food only at the Chinese restaurant.
My mother can make some Chinese food.
Really? That's wonderful?!

OK. Come back into the classroom, class.
Does the class start again, Mam?
Yes, but to the heath, this break has last long enough.
Oh, breaktime flies. come on, baby. It’s time now.
Mam, another minute, could I?
Hurry up, little boy.

What's the actual flight time from here to San Francisco?
It's about twelve hours.
Can you tell me what time we're arriving?
Sure. Let me see... at 6:15 a. m. local time.
I see. And that'll be 10:15 p. m. Beijing time.

Excuse me, but I'm not feeling too well. I think I'm going to throw up.
There's an airsickness bag behind the seat that's in front of you.
I must've missed it. Is this your first time flying?
Yes. I'm going to San Francisco.
Oh, it's a beautiful city. I think you'll like it.
Hey, I'm feeling much better already.
Sometimes if you don't think about it, that sick feeling will go away on its own.
Thanks.
By the way, my name is Mary.
I'm Frank. Nice to meet you.

Welcome to Al's Bakery. What can I get you?
Hi?! Let me get a dozen croissants, four blueberry muffins and a loaf of sourdough bread.
Sure. Would you like to have the loaf sliced?
No, that's OK. Do you have any whole wheat bread?
We are out at the moment. May I suggest some rye bread?
Sure that sounds good. Do you have any cakes?
We have various birthday cakes and also ice cream cakes.
I'll just take a cheesecake.
Will that be all?
Yes.
Your total is forty three dollars and twenty cents.
You got it.

Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, we are happy you have all come out for our training workshop. Today we have a great line-up of speakers to talk to you. First on our program is a well-renown expert in the field of international economic development, Harvard's own Dr. James Smith. Dr. Smith has been involved in economic research for over twenty years, and has taught at Harvard since 1995. And now, without further adieu, we'd like to welcome Mr. James Smith.
Thank you, Mr. Jackson, ladies and gentlemen, colleagues, friends. The subject of my talk is international relations in a morgen world. I plan to say a few words about the current situation in the Middle East and how it affects world economy. I'd like to give you an overview of the way that the economies of seemingly unrelated countries are intertwined. I've divided my talk into three parts, first an overview of international relations, second a discussion of current political situations, and lastly trends for the future. My presentation will take about two hours, but there will be a twenty-minute break in the middle. We'll stop for lunch at 12.

You're looking rather pale, why?
I couldn't sleep well recently.
You'd get plenty of sleep for you work so hard.
I always drink too much wine in the evening.
You shan't drink more wine in the evening.
Yes, you are right.
And you'd take some exercise every day.
Many thanks for your advice.

Hello Mrs Parker, how have you been?
Hello Dr Peters. Just fine thank you. Ricky and I are here for his vaccines.
Very well. Let's see, according to his vaccination record, Ricky has received his Polio, Tetanus and Hepatitis B shots. He is 14 months old, so he is due for Hepatitis A, Chickenpox and Measles shots.
What about Rubella and Mumps?
Well, I can only give him these for now, and after a couple of weeks I can administer the rest.
OK, great. Doctor, I think I also may need a Tetanus booster. Last time I got it was maybe fifteen years ago?!
We will check our records and I'll have the nurse administer and the booster as well. Now, please hold Ricky's arm tight, this may sting a little.

I’m interested in teaching at your school.
Great. Are you a qualified teacher?
Yes.
What kind of teaching certificate do you have?
I have a TEFL certificate.
How many years of experience do you have?
I have three years of teaching ESL and four years of teaching per-school children.
When did you get your TEFL certificate?
I got my TEFL certificate three years ago.
Why do you want to teach at our school?
Well, I’Ve heard many good things about it. I also like teaching young children.
That’s great. Can you speak Chinese?
Yes, just a little.
Can you come in for an interview tomorrow at 10:00?
I sure can.
Great. See you then.

Why is the car before us stopping?
What's going on? Look. Two cars are standing right in the middle of the road and the drivers are shouting rude words to each other.
That's why that car stops.
More and more people easily get irritated while driving.
Yes. This is what is called road rage.

This is today’s schedule. At 8 thirty AM, conference with the department managers. At 9 o’clock, live for the workshop where you’ll award prizes to the staff for preventatives.
That’s great. What are the prizes?
3000 RIB as bonus for each person. To encourage the staff increases.
Ok. Next thing is laying the corner-stone for the new plant at 10 AM. At 12 AM, back here for lunch. What about the afternoon? At 2 PM, give a presentation here with the press. At four o’clock sharp, have dinner with Mr. Smith, manager of NCC.

This is Lincoln Bank, Consumer Credit Department. How can I help you?
Ah, hello. I'm calling to find out how I apply for a car loan.
We offer a Personal Automobile Consumer Loan. The application process is pretty straight forward. I trust you have enough funds to cover the 20 % down payment?
Yes, I do. It's ready and waiting in my account.
The next step is for us to recommend a dealer to you, who are already contracted to us, so...
Could I just stop you there? Sorry to interrupt, but I have already been to your appointed dealer and selected the car I want.
That will certainly cut down the processing time. We can move on to the next step. Do you have the purchase price?
Yes, it's 110,000 RIB. So, with the down payment done, I will need to borrow 70,000 RIB.
What we need you to do next is to come into the branch with a correctly filled in application form, ID card, proof of residency, proof of income, the agreement from the agent and of course the 20 % down payment.
Yes, I have everything here.
OK, I'll come in and see you later today. Maybe I could have my new car as early as next week?! How exciting?!

Hi, my name is Tom.
Tom, the new sales representative? Nice to meet you?! I'm Melinda.
Nice to meet you too.Melinda. Now let me show you around. This is our reception area, and our conference room is right over there. Over here is the sales department.
Really? This is a nice office, but it's quite small.
Yeah... You can make photocopies and send faxes over there.
It looks like you guys work hard.
I tell you what just between you and me, we just mess things up so that it looks like we work hard.Just kidding.
Oh, your cubicle is over the. And this way. Those are all private offices the managers offices.
Hmm... Tell me more details about our jobs.
Sure thing.

What do you think of our price? Your price has gone up sharply, hasn't it?
Yes. We regret we cannot maintain our original price. Since the prices of the raw materials have been raised, we have to adjust the price of our products accordingly.
I agree with you there, but your price is unreasonable.
I don't think so. You must compare our price with that of other export houses. I'm sure our offer is in line with the prevailing market price level.
I don't think we'll be able to pay the price.
To have this business concluded, you need to lower your price at least by 3 %.
I’m afraid that there is no room for any reduction in price.
Don't you agree with me that in the long run, moderate prices will bring about large sales and more profit?
We've already cut down our price to cost level.
Is that all?
Yes, this is the best we can do.
I'm sorry we can't handle the price you offered.

So, Jimmy, how does it feel to have your own money?
It’s great, dad. I don’t mind delivering papers, but the real fun is collecting the money.
Even though you are only twelve, it’s not too early to start saving a little money.
I’Ve never had a bank account before. Why don’t I just keep my money under the matters like grandpa does?
You know you would spend it. And also, money in the bank earns interest.
But what if I need my money suddenly?
The bank will give you a PIN, and you can withdraw money from any ATM.
Great?! So it’s almost the same as keeping it under the matters?!
Not quite. You have to maintain a minimum balance of twenty dollars. And sometimes the bank has service charges. But you don’t have to worry about that yet. Let’s go make your first depot OK.
Guess I have to do that before. I can make money my first withdrawal.

Is this where I can catch a bus to the theater?
Yes, but you can't get there with out a change.
Which bus do I have to change?
You have to get off at the hospital and change for bus 15.
I see. Thank you.

Here we are, Joan. This is the Palace museum, also known as the Forbidden city.
Oh, how splendid?! Can you take a picture of me here?
Sure.

Excuse me. I'm afraid I got lost. Where am I on this map?
We are here, bus station, we are in the heart of the city.
Oh?! Can I go from here to the Zhongshan Park?
Head straight up the street about two blocks then turn right.

Tony, could you tell me if there are any special rules about the job?
Working hours are from 8: 30 a. m. to 5:00 p. m. Be sure not to be late or absent. Report to the manager by filling in the' Monthly Report' every month.
Is there anything else? How about my salary?
Our company has a strict and reasonable salary standard. On the 20th day of every month, you can get your salary on time. Benefits depend upon the length of service and the employee's past attendance record.
Wow, thank you for telling me these. Do you mind telling me something else, like attendance record, holiday, and how to ask for leave?
All new members are likely to ask the same questions. Haha.
I can understand that. Every month you have three days off, besides the weekends and some important holidays. After you've been here for a year, you qualify for a one-week vacation. The leave less than a half-day should predict for an hour, and more than a half-day should predict three days.
Okay, that's good. I get it.

Kate, you never believe what's happened.
What do you mean?
Masha and Hero are getting divorced.
You are kidding. What happened?
Well, I don't really know, but I heard that they are having a separation for 2 months, and filed for divorce.
That's really surprising. I always thought they are well matched.
What about the kids? Who get custody?
Masha, it seems quiet and makable, no quarrelling about who get the house and stock and then contesting the divorce with other details worked out.
That's the change from all the back stepping we usually hear about.
Well, I still can't believe it, Masha and Hero, the perfect couple.
When would they divorce be final?
Early in the New Year I guess.

Overseas operator. I would like to make a collect call to Taipei, Taiwan, please.
Your name, please.
Tim Chen.
What's the number, please.
The area code is 2, and the number is 2367-9960.
The line is connected. Please go ahead.

Hello. Excuse me.
Yes. Can I help you? Do you remember me? I just had lunch here a half hour ago.
Of course I remember you.
I think I lost my wallet here.
Oh, no. Really? I didn't see anything.
Really? You didn't find a wallet?
No, I didn't.
Would you like to go look by the table with me?
Yes, I would.
It's not here. And it's not on the floor.Has anyone sat at this table since we left?
No. It's been empty the whole time.
Hmm. I don't know how it could have happened.
I remember, sir, that your friend took the bill.You didn't pay for the lunch yourself, did you?
No. My friend did.
Then are you sure you took your wallet out of your pocket while you were here?
No, I'm not sure. But I usually take out my wallet when I sit down.It' s uncomfortable to sit on it. So I usually put it next to me on the table.
Maybe you lost it before you came here. Or maybe you left it at home.
I don't think it's at home. I think I had it when I left the house.But what should I do?
Well, the first thing you should do is make sure it's not at home.Then, if it isn't, you need to call your credit card companies and cancel your cards. Next, you need to replace whatever you lost, your driver's license, things like that.
Should I call the police?
You can if you want. But the police usually don't do anything about lost wallets.
Hmm. I'll go home and check. Maybe you're right. Maybe it's at home.
I'm sorry we couldn't find it, sir.
Thanks for your help.

Good morning, young lady. You can call me Ma. Do you see anything you like?
Yes. Many things?! I especially love this beautiful quilt.
That quilt was passed down to me from my ma in Holland.
It sounds like a special quilt. Why do you want to sell it?
Well, this home is too big for me now, so I'm moving to an apartment that is much smaller. Therefore, I need to part with a few things.
Oh, I see. Umm, how much do you want for the quilt?
Is fifteen dollars OK?

Have you got change for a thousand?
Let me see.

May I come in, Mr Sun?
I’d rather you didn’t, Miss Yang. I’m very busy now.
Can I try later then?
Yes, of course.
Is it all right for me to come in now, Mr Sun?
Well, uh... I’m still pretty busy, but... all right. Come in.
What can I do for you?
Do you mind if I sit down?
Not at all. Take a seat. Now what can I do for you?
I want to leave the department. Do you think I could put info a transfer?
Yes.
But why should you want to do that?
Do you mind if I speak frankly?
Not at all. Go ahead.
Well. You see, I don’t like the office. I don’t like the staff. And I’m afraid of you. And I don’t want to go one. So may I put info a transfer?
Yes. I’d be delighted if you did.

Where is that? Take me to the airport, please.
Are you in a hurry?
I have to be there before 17 o'clock.
We'll make it except a jam. You know it's rush hour.
There's an extra ten in it for you if you can get me there on time.
I'll do my best.
Here's twenty dollars. Do you have small bills?
No. If you can't break it, keep the change. But can you give me a receipt?
Here is your receipt.
Thank you.

Recently I have been getting headache and my eyes don't seems to see focus properly.
When did you last time have your eyes checked?
Two years ago. At that time I had no problems.Now I can’t even make out something ten meters away.
Come over here. I will test your eyes. First cover your left eye like this, and when I point, please read the chart from the top, and go as far as you can, telling me which way the “ E ” points.
All right. Good.Now the other eye. Well, this one is worse.
Never mind, just read as far as you can.
I can only read the first three lines.

Is there a car park near the supermarket?
Yes, there is an underground car park near the supermarket.
I see. Thanks.

Oh, come on, Ultraman?! What's up, Bro? What's in the bulletin?
It says that there will be a blackout from 5 p. m. to 7 p. m. in our neighborhood today.
Blackout? Even the TV has the limit. Don't you know you will look like a monster in the blackout?
Oops, no, Daddy can't watch American Idol, either?! That's not the point.
Come on, can you imagine that there will be no electricity on such a hot day? Oh, my god?! No air-conditioner?!
OK, since you are the smart one, can you come up with a better plan? So that we won't be baked like cookies here.
How about playing Barbie out there in the neighborhood?
Barbie? You know, I might be seven, but I'm not a girl.
Do you have a better plan?
All right, all right.

Yes, ma'am, how could I help you?
I am wondering if you do facial care?
Yes, we do.
How much would it be?
From 200 to 800.
I'm afraid 800 is too expensive for me. Could you recommend something around 300?
No problem.

Can I help you, Miss?
I would like to order 2 office-style cabinets and desk calendars. We want office-style cabinets in white. The catalogue number is 90-f-2356.
How soon do you want it?
Could you deliver it tomorrow?
No problem. Please handle the items carefully.
Certainly.
We will pay by collect on delivery.

I hate to do this to you, Alice, but I’m going to have to ask you to put in some more overtime.
Does it have to be this afternoon, Mr. Fairbanks? I’Ve already made plans.
Well, I would have preferred to do it today, but if you’Ve already made plans, we can do it tomorrow.
I’d appreciate that, sir. How long do you think you’ll need me to stay?

What’s your attitude when do wrong things at work?
The buck stops here.

Hello?! Is your company advertising for administrative assistant on the newspapers?
Well, Administrative assistant with shorthand and typing skills are badly needed here.
First I want to check about the availability and see if you could give me more information.
The position calls for a person with some working experience. We must be able to benefit from your analytical and interpersonal skills. Can you deliver your resume to us first?
Of course. I will deliver my resume to you in minutes' time. I hope you will consider my application and I shall appreciate a reply at your earliest convenience.
OK. I will call you soon. Bye now.
Bye.

Just as the saying goes, every potter praises his own pot. You should pay special attention to selling yourself properly in the interview. It is especially important for the graduates who step into the job market for the first time. You'd better prepare what you are going to say in advance, in order to have a good performance in the interview. The contents should be mainly descriptions of your background. And the length depends on the particular situation. Only when you are aware of what the interviewer will be interested in, can you make a targeted preparation. To sell yourself successfully, you should leave the interviewer a deep impression. Selling yourself should go straight to the point, and the statement should be clear and brief. It should also be truthful and realistic. Do not blindly blow your own horn. You should particularly state your strong points which are closely related to the position you are applying for. While you should not omit your weak points, they need to be described appropriately Time permitted, you could add certain examples to your description. Besides, in the interview, it is best that you make corresponding adjustments to apply your prepared contents flexibly.

Hello?
Hi, Deborah?! This is John. I'm calling from Australia.
What are you doing in Australia?
I'm attending a conference in Sydney this week. Remember?
Oh, right. What time is it there?
It's 10:00 P. M. And it's four o'clock in Los Angeles, right?
Yes - four o'clock in the morning.
4:00 A. M.? I'm really sorry.
That's OK. I'm awake now.

John hasn't turned up and Stefan is ill. Do we have anyone on stand-by?
I'm afraid not, we're very short-staffed at the moment.
Can you ask the shift supervisor to ask one of his team to do some overtime?
Perhaps Tommy can stand in for an hour or two until we find a replacement.

Jack, let’s go?! Oh, you are out of breath?! What happened?
Some people are wildly shooting on the next street. We must leave here as soon as possible?!
Take it easy. They will get caught.

Hello. May I speak to Jerry, please?
Sorry, but he is out for lunch right now.
I see. Can you give me some idea how long he'll be back?
I think he will be back around 2:00. If you like, please leave your name and phone number, I'll have him call you as soon as he comes back.
That's nice. My name is Steven, my phone number is 6789777.
Okay, I'll be waiting for his call. Thank you and bye?!
My pleasure, bye?!

Excuse me, Miss. What can I do for you?
I've just heard an announcement that my flight has been delayed.
What's your flight number?
Flight CA216 to Chengdu.
Yes, it's true. It has been delayed.
Could you please tell me why?
Yes, of course. The delay is due to heavy rain.
How long will the delay be? Do you have any further information about it?
I am sorry, we don't know the extent of the delay at present. But according to the latest weather forecast, there will be a change in weather soon. We have to wait.
Well, is it possible for the rain to stop before noon?
It's hard to say. Weather is so changeable in the summer. Please listen to the latest announcement about your flight.
Yes, I will. Thanks a lot. Bye?!
Bye

What are we going to do? I can't get the car out of this ditch. I'm stuck?!
I'm worried, Tom. I haven't seen any other cars for almost an hour.
I know. This is terrible. What can we do? This snow doesn't stop falling?!
I told you we should have stayed in town today.The weather report said 100 percent chance of snow.Why did you want to come up here?
I wanted to show you the cabin. We only had another half-hour to go.
Well, now we're stuck. What can we do?
I don't know. I've heard that when this happens, it's important to save energy.
What do you mean? We're stranded here, Tom. We may be here a long time.We need to conserve the gas in the car. The car's energy is what will keep us warm.
I have plenty of gas.
Yes, but the gas and the battery both have to stay working.We can't just let the car run and run.If we do, it will die soon. Then we'll freeze.
So what can we do?
Turn the lights off.Then, run the car and the heater only about fifteen minutes every hour.That will conserve the heat as long as possible.
Alright. That's a good idea. I wish we hadn't come up here. Now we'll probably be here for days.
Days?
Yes, it happens.That is what happens in big snowstorms. People get stranded for days.
Oh, my God?! It's good we have food. Probably we'll survive.But turn the car off for about forty-five minutes. Then we'll turn it on again.

Hey, buddy, can’t you see there’s a line?
Oh, sorry. I didn’t know.
What? You haven’t taken the bus before?
No, I’m afraid not.
Well, you have to wait in line like everyone else. Besides, you should let old people on first.
Sorry.
It’s all right. Where are you going?
I wanted to see the White House.
Oh, well you don’t want this bus, anyway. It goes to Georgetown.
Oh, no. It’s all right, though. Just get off at the next stop and catch the 79A.
Oh, well thank you very much.
You’re welcome.

Can I help you?
I'd like the double cheese burger meal, please.
What kind of drink would you like with that?
Just coke will be fine.
Would you like a super size meal? Only 2 RIB more, you'll get large coke and fries instead of medium. And today we are offering free toys all the meal boxes.
That sounds good, thanks, I'd like that. Actually I'd like sprite instead of coke, thanks.
That's not a problem, Miss. Will that be it?
Yes, that's all. That will be 25RMB, please
You got it.

Do you have any night tours?
Yes, we will depart in 10 minutes.
Is that a guided tour?
Yes, it is.
That's fine. Let's get on the bus.

I am sure we will make it up as soon as possible.
That's nice. We hope this matter will not affect our good relations in our future dealings.
Of course not. We have cooperated for a long time.

I would like to purchase some meat.
What kind of meat would you like to get today?
First off, I'm going to need a pound of ground beef.
A pound of ground beef is $ 2.48.
That's perfect. What else will you be needing?
I'm also going to need three pounds of chicken breasts.
The chicken breasts cost $ 4.05 per pound. What's the total price for the chicken?
It's going to be $ 12.15.
Okay, I think that will be all for me today.

I think you know already that I want to discuss the represent - ton for your alarm clocks.
Yes, Mr. Bergeron. You mentioned that in your letter.
To tell you the truth, your proposal surprised us.
Is that so?
Anyhow I want to go over the details with you in person, so you can give my suggestion thorough consideration.
Our firm specializes in this line of business. We have six sales representatives, who are on the road all the time, covering the whole of the European market.
Do you sell direct to shops?
Yes, we specialize in handling clocks and watches of all sorts. We have well established channels of distribution and we canvass the retailers direct, without any middlemen.
Do you keep a stock of these things?
In some cases, such as the wristwatches, which always have a steady market, we keep a stock in London and act as distributors as well as agents. Generally, however, we pass on the orders of our clients to the manufacturers for supply. We are paid for our service, of course.
That is, your commission.
Yes, our commission is very reasonable. We usually get a 10 % commission of the amount on every deal. Our agents in other areas usually get a 3-5 % commission. The European market is not familiar with your products. You have competitors from Japan and other continental countries. At the beginning of our campaign, there is sales resistance to overcome, we must send out salesmen to do a lot of traveling and spend a considerable amount of money on advertising in news - papers and TV programs. A 10 % commission will not leave us much.
According to your estimate, what is the maximum annual turn - over you can fulfill, in round figures, of course?
We will always do our utmost to enlarge the business, as our remuneration increases with the turnover, but we will not guar - ante anything, at least not to begin with.
We appreciate very much your intention to push the sale of our products. But our suggestion to you, Mr. Bergeron, as a preliminary step, is to do a little research into the market...
Do you mean to say you refuse us the agency?
Mr. Bergeron, you leave us no alternative. We can not give you an exclusive agency of the whole European market without having the slightest idea of your possible annual marketing turnover. Besides our price is worked out according to the costing. A 10 % commission means an increase in our price. We must have the reaction of the buyers in this respect.
Oh, that's just too bad. I intended to make great efforts in selling your products.
Well, we can still carry on our business relationship without the agreement. To start the ball rolling, we will provide you with price lists, catalogues and some samples. Only when you have a thorough knowledge of the marketing possibilities of our products, can we then discuss further details.
Ah, Mrs. Miller, but in this case am I covered?
Oh, yes. We will give you a 5 % commission on every transaction.
All right, but I'll be back again for the Autumn Fair. And then I hope we can see eye to eye about our commission and the terms of the agency.
Very good. We will discuss the matter again at the next Fair.

Excuse me, I’m sorry to trouble you. My name is Susan Ransom, and I have placed several orders with you company.
Yes, Mr. Ransom? This is Karl Miller. How may I help you?
Well, I wonder if you could track an order I placed with you last month. It hasn’t arrived yet.
Certainly, Ms. Ransom. Do you have an order number?

Have you worked out the offers. Mr. Thou?
Yes, we have. Here's our CIF quotation sheet. Please have a careful look.
Are the prices on the list firm offers?
Yes. All the quotations on the list are subject to our final confirmation.
I wonder whether there are any changes in your prices.
All these products are our best-selling lines. The prices of our products will change according to that of the international market demand. And we are always open to negotiate, especially on larger orders.
What do you have in mind?
How long does your offer remain valid?
I need some time to get my supervisors on board with this plan.
I understand. Our offer remains open for 4 days.

Hello sir, may I help you?
Yeah, I accidentally dropped my phone in the toilet.
I see. Well, you have come to the right place. We have over one hundred models of more than twenty leading mobile phone manufacturers.
Sounds good. I don’t want it to be too expensive, maybe something mid-range.
We have this new ETC smart phone.It comes with the Android OS so you can download applications. It also has a built-in camera, mp3 player and touch screen. It works on the 3G network so you have fast access to the internet wherever you are.
What about Wi-fi?
Of course?! You can access the internet from any hotspot as well as from home.
One last thing. Is it waterproof?

We have been over this a hundred times?! We are not getting a pet?!
Why not? Come on?! Just a cute little puppy or a kitty?!
Who is going to look after a dog or a cat?
I will?! I’ll feed it, bathe it and walk it every day?! We can get a Labrador or a German Shepard?!
What if we want to take a vacation? Who will we leave it with? Plus, our apartment is too small for that breed of dog.
Ok. How about we get a cat or a ferret?
We’re planning on having children soon, I don’t think those animals are a good idea with a baby in the house.
Fine?! Let’s get a bird then?! We can keep it in its cage and teach it to talk?! A parrot would be awesome?!
I’ll tell you what, I can get you some hamsters and we’ll take it from there.
Yay?!

Good evening, Mr. Lee and thank you for choosing our airline. We have just discovered that this flight is overbooked. Would you like to volunteer to give up your seat?
Overbooked? Give up my seat? I don’t understand.
From time to time we have a situation in which there are more passengers than there are seats on the aircraft. That’s overbooked.
I know what overbooked is, I just don’t understand how that could happen?
Actually it’s a common practice to overbook, as passengers often don’t take their flight as scheduled. Most of the time there is no problem but today, more passengers arrived than we have seats,
So who has to stay behind?
Well, first we ask for volunteers. If someone like yourself volunteers, they receive a free round trip ticket to be used within one year. If no one volunteers we just have to select someone.
Ok. I’ll volunteer. I could use a free ticket?!

I want to rent this apartment.
I’m glad to hear that. How much are you asking?
You will have to pay $ 1050 every month.
I can’t afford that. What can you afford?
I was thinking $ 800 a month.
I’ll need you to pay more than that. How much more?
How does $ 900 every month sound to you?
I can live with that. We have a deal then.

Good morning, Miss Monica. Nice to meet you again?!
Good morning, Mr. Thomas, it is nice to see you too. After the internal discussion, we have all agreed that you are the most suitable person for this position among all the candidates. So, today let’s talk about your expected salary and social benefits. What is your expected salary?
I’Ve worked in the field for more than 4 years. Depend on my work qualifications and experience, I would like to have 5000 Yuan to start.
The basic salary for your position in our company would be 4800 Yuan to start with increases giving according to your performance.
It is a bit lower than I expected. But I can accept that.
What are the working hours?
40 hours a week, Monday to Friday, 9 AM to 5 PM with one hour lunch break every day..
Do I have to work on weekend? If so, how do you pay for the overtime?
We do expect overtime work when it is necessary, but we pay twice of the work hour for working on weekends and three times for working on national holidays like Spring Festival and the Mid-Autumn Day.
Is there probation?
No probation is involved. If you feel good, you can start next week.

Welcome to the McDonald's. What will it be for you, madam?
One Big Mac and French Fries.
Is there anything else?
Give me one coke, please.
Is this to go or to eat here?
To go, please.
That comes to four dollars and ten cents.
And can I have some ketchup, please?
It's on the service counter over there. Please go to help yourself.

What's the name of this street?
University Street.
Do you know of any banks near here?
You'll see one at the corner on your right.

Hey there, you look a little lost. Are you new here?
Yeah how’d you know?
You can always spot the newbies. I can give you a few pointers if you want. Were you trying to use this machine here?
Yeah?! I just started my training today and I’m not really sure where to begin.
It’s ok, I know how it is. This machine here will work out your upper body, mainly your triceps and biceps. Are you looking to develop strength or muscle tone and definition?
Well, I don’t want to be ripped like you?! I just want a good physique with weights and Carpio.
In that case you want to work with less weight. You can start off by working ten to fifteen reps in four sets. Five kilo weights should be enough. Now it’s very important that you stretch before pumping iron or you might pull a muscle.
Got it?!
Wow is that the weight you are lifting? My goodness that’s a lot of weight?!
It’s not that much. Just watch... I’m ok...

Excuse me.Could you tell me how to return to the Hilton Hotel? I am afraid I lost my way.
Do you have a hotel card or something? Let's see.Yes, I have the address and telephone number here.
Oh, you're staying at the downtown Hilton.Then, you go down two blocks this way and turn left.You' ll find it on the right.
Well, I don't understand it very well.Will you draw me a map?

Excuse me, but could you tell me the way to the railway station?
The railway station? Just go down this street and turn left at the second corner. The station is at the end of that street.
How long will it take me to get there?
It's about a ten-minute walk.
That's very clear. I think I can find my way now. Thank you.
Not at all.

How does the political system work in your country?
We have hundreds of constituencies and the voters in each one elect a member of parliament. Most people call them mp’s.
Each mp belongs to a political party, right?
Almost all of them do. A few are independent. That means that they do not belong to a party.
If one party more than half of the mp’s. they form a government. That means that they choose a prime Finist
What’s a cabinet?
This is a small group of people-perhaps 25 mp’s who are usually ministers. They make all the big decision and discuss laws and policy.
Can any mp make a law?
Any mp can present a law to parliament. The proposed law is debated and voted on. If it is accepted, it becomes law.
I suppose a proposed a law needs the support of the big political parties.
Yes, it does, because they have most of the mp’s. most mp’s vote the way their party wants them to.
How do people choose which party or candidate to vote for?
They produce manifesto. These documents which states their policies. Some people just vote for the same party every time there is an election. Voters who often change the party they vote for are Calle

How was your interview?
Pretty good. The HR manager asked me the usual questions. Then he wondered why I had decided to leave my previous job.
What did you say?
I told him that I hadn’t got a raise for three years. I also told him that one of my best co-workers quitted her job because she had not been promoted for eight years.
Did he want to know the reasons?
Yes. I told him that my boss made some excuses of the recession. But I thought he had a pattern and a record of promoting men only. That’s sex discrimination.
When will you get the reply?
In a couple of days, I was told.
Wish you good luck?!
Thank you.

What qualities do you think a senior executive should possess?
Generally speaking, he needs creativity, the ability to communicate, sense of personal responsibilities, the ability to solve problems and so on.
Do you have all these qualities?
Yes, I have all of them. I am totally competent to be a senior executive.

Hi. I need more amenities, please.
Could you be a little more specific, sir?
Well, to be more specific, the free stuff, like soap, lotion, and shampoo.
I understand. Now, you're saying that you've already used up all your amenities?
Oh, no?! I've got all I need for my stay here.
So, what's the problem?
I need souvenirs?!
You want some souvenirs?!
Yes, yes. Souvenirs.
But, sir, our souvenir shop carries all those items.
That's not the same thing. If you buy hotel souvenirs, they have no sentimental value.
I understand, sir. I'll call housekeeping. You'll have your souvenirs shortly.

Hello, may I help you?
Yes.We' re interested in seeing the rooms for rent.
Oh, how nice.They' re bright rooms and the house is very quiet.
A nice quiet house is exactly what we're looking for.
Well, gentleman.Each room is $ 40 a week if you think that's OK.
That sounds just wonderful to us. When do you want to move in?
How about this afternoon?
Fine. I'll be expecting you around two.

Are you ready to order? May I suggest a veal?
No, I'll have the fish please.
The chicken is also nice.
No, I want the fish.
Our special tonight is lobster.
Thank you, but I prefer the fish.
Perhaps you'd enjoy the lamb.
No, I like the fish.
What ever you say?

Am I ever hungry? When will supper be ready?
It's almost ready. Can you set the table?
All right. Want to taste this dish?
Yeah. Oh, it's delicious?! Really?
Definitely. It's a wonderful meal.
Thank you, Honey. If you like to help me do the dishes, I'll be more dreadful.
I wish I could, but I won't.

Good morning, Kate. Long time no see.
Good morning, Vera, Nice to meet you.
Kate, I know you’Ve been a stewardess for more than one year. And I’ll have an interview on stewardess tomorrow. Can you tell me some etiquette about the interview?
Of course. First you should do up your long hair and do make up but not too thick.
Is there anything else I should pay attention to?
Yes, when you attend the interview, you should pay attention to your manner, style of conversation and expression. You should keep smiling always, being polite when you talk with the interviewer. Don't move from time to time when you sit there. And you also should know how to use eye contact.
Thank you, I've learned so much from you.
That’s all right. Hope you can do better tomorrow.

Can you fix me a cup of tea, Johnny?
Well... uh... how about a glass of juice instead?
No. I'd like tea. Can you put it in my favorite cup? You probably washed it...
Oh, yeah. Well, uh, about your mug... I'll find it...
Where are all the floral pattern plates? And dad's Yankee's mug?

Good morning, sir. May I help you?
Yes, I'd like to settle my bill.
Certainly sir. May I have your room key, please?
Sure. Here you are.
Just a moment, please. I'll draw up your bill for you... Thank you for waiting, sir. Your bill totals two thousand six hundred and fifty-eight yuan, including the phone and laundry.
That much?! Would you mind letting me have a look at it?
Not at all, sir. Here you are.
Thanks. Well, It seems to be right. How much is that in dollars, please?
Just a moment, sir. I'll calculate that for you. It comes to 305 dollars and 52 cents at today's exchange rate.
I see. OK. How would you like to make the payment?
In cash, please.
Here you are.
Thank you, sir... Here is your change. Could you check it, please? Thank you for choosing our hotel. I hope you enjoyed your stay.
By the way, please forward my mail to this address.
Certainly, sir. We hope you have a good trip.

Hi, Sam. I want to buy a pet. Do you have any ideas?
You really should go to Rachel's pet store.
why? anything special there?
it's more than special. You can find as many kinds of animals as you can put a name to and more.
Oh, really? are there any snakes?
snakes? there are even rodents and monkeys?! it's a world of exotic pets.
that's terrific. I can't wait to check it out.
Hang on. are you sure you want to keep a non-traditional pet?
why not? it's so cool.
but it will pose a risk to your health.
pardon?
i mean, most reptiles carry some harmful bacteria. they are likely to cause immune system problems.
well, I didn't realize that. I don't believe it's a good choice to keep those pets, especially for families with young children.
oh, I should have thought of my brother's baby girl. Maybe I'll just have a dog instead of an exotic pet.
yes, good luck, Maria.

I’m a new student. My name’s Robert. Nice to meet you.
My name’s Sophie. Are you French?
Yes, I’m. Are you French, too?
No, I’m not. What nationality are you?
I’m Italian. Are you a teacher?
No, I’m not. What’s your job?
I’m a keyboard operator. What’s your job?
I’m an engineer.

I can’t believe Obama is our President.
I am proud to know that he is our President.
You voted for him, right?
Did you vote for him, because I know that I did.
I did, too. I have nothing but faith in Obama.
Really? I’m sure he will help better America.
We do need some change in this country.
Our country is already changing as it is.
You’re absolutely right. I trust that he will take good care of our country.

Do you have a reservation, sir?
No, I’m afraid we don’t.
I’m sorry the restaurant is full now. You have to wait for about half an hour. Would you like to have a drink at the lounge until there’s a table available.
No, thanks, I’ll come back later. May I reserve a table for two?
Yes, of course. May I have your name, sir?
Bruce
By the way, can we have a table by the window?
we’ll try to arrange it, but I can’t guarantee sir.
That’s fine.
your table's ready, sir? Please step this way.

Do you have coffee shops in China, too?
Yes, of course. There are many tea houses and bars in China, too. People can drink, eat and relax at these places.
You like to go to these places, don’t you?
Yes, sometimes the music there is so beautiful. It is very romantic. I can stay there for hours.
Do you often go there alone?
No, I often go there with my friends.

Hi there?! I am looking for a new car. I have this old Ford Pinto that I would like to trade in.
I see. You are in luck this month because all of our models are on sale?! it is a perfect time to buy a new car since it’s the end of the year.
Perfect?!
I like this one.
That is the Ford Focus. A very light but powerful vehicle. It comes with dual side airbags, power steering and power windows, tinted windows and your choice of either automatic or manual transmission.
Sounds like a good car?! How many miles to the gallon?
It is a very fuel efficient vehicle giving you about 34 miles in the city and 40 on the highway.
That is really convenient. Especially now that fuel prices are so high?!
What’s under the hood?
A very powerful 2.5- liter turbocharged engine, Trust me, this car is fast?!
Now for the most difficult question. What is the price tag for this lovely vehicle?
Very affordable mam. You can take it out of this lot today with 0 % down payment and no interest for the first year?! You can test drive it now and we can sign the papers when we get back.
Great?! Let’s do it?!

I wonder if you could help me, I'm looking for a room.
Well, I have got a vacancy.
What sort of price are you asking?
Eight dolls fifty a week excluding laundry.
Would it be convenient to see the room?
Can you call back later? We're right in the middle of lunch.

Could you give me an expense report? I would like to attach the invoices for my phone bill this season.
Here you are. Do you need glue?
That is very kind of you. I’m just running out of glue.
You’re welcome.

IBA, Jane speaking. How can I help you?
Hello. I'd like to speak to someone regarding my card.
Sorry, I'm not quite sure if I understand. In what way, Sir? Has your card been stolen?
No, no. Nothing at all like that. It's just that I applied for a credit card with you a while ago, my application was accepted, but I'm still waiting for my card.
Oh, I see, Sir. Well, it does take 5 working days to issue and post the card.
Yes, my application was accepted last Friday. Now it's Wednesday, that's more than 5 days.
Sorry, Sir, but it's 5 working days. This does not include weekends, so your card should be with you later this week.
Of course?! How silly of me?! Yes, 5 working days would mean this Friday, at the earliest.
I see. I'm sorry to trouble you.
It's no trouble at all, Sir. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nothing, thanks. I again apologise for the misunderstanding, bye for now.

What can I do for you, sir?
We'd like to order breakfast for tomorrow morning.
Yes, sir. What would you like?
Orange juice, scrambled eggs, bacon, toast and coffee.
OK, and when shall I bring it here?
About seven thirty.By the way, could you also bring me tomorrow's papers?
Of course, sir.

What shall we do when we find a shortage in the shipment?
You should do one of the two things - either to lodge a claim with the shipowner or with the insurance company.
Shall we leave it to the brokers?
Yes. They usually do it. Do they charge for that?
Of course. In Europe, they charge a commission of 1 % of the amount of the claim for their service.
Is it the same in America?
They do the work without charge to the importer. It's part of their service, isn't it?
Exactly. Is it enough to claim with an on board bill of lading?
No, you must also obtain a statement from the shipping agent certifying that the goods were actually loaded on their vessel for shipment.
I see. By the way, how do we prove the ownership of our goods?
You must provide full original set of ocean bills of lading original insurance policy or certificate and the original commercia invoice.
I see. Thank you.
You are welcome.

I'll be on business for a couple of days, could you take care of your sister?
OK, Mum, when will you be back?
I'll be back in ten days.

Passport, please, madam.
Just a minute, please. It's in my bag. Here it is.
Thank you. Please fill out the Baggage Declaration Form.
All right. Shall I enter all my belongings?
No, only the articles listed on the Declaration.

I’m hungry, let’s go grab a bite to eat.
Yeah me too.
Oh?! Can we stop at the shop really fast? I lost my makeup bag at the airport and I want to pick up a few things.
Will you take long?
No?! Five minutes I promise?!
Come on?! We have been here for almost an hour?! I thought you said you were only going to get a few things?! How long does it take you to pick out a lipstick and some nail polish?!
Are you crazy? You have no idea what you are talking about?! Just for my eyes I have to get eye-liner, an eyelash curler, eye shadow, an eyebrow pencil and mascara. Then I need to get foundation, liquid foundation.
Whoa whoa whoa?! Are you nuts? How much is all this going to cost? I’m looking at the price at each one of these little things and it’s outrageous?! This is basically a crayon?!
What about you? You spend as much or more money on your razors, after shave, cologne and gel?! Not to mention how much you spend on clothes and...
Fine?! Get the stupid thirty dollar crayon?!

Can I borrow five bucks?
No?!
Come on?! I'll pay you back on Tuesday.
Last time I lent you money, you never paid me back.
I promise if you lend me five dollars today, I will repay you in full next week.
Ok, but I'm taking your skateboard as collateral.
Fine?! I can't believe you don't trust me.
It's nothing personal, just business.

May I help you, sir?
Yes, please. I'm looking for a cotton polo shirt.
Any particular colour?
Not really. How about this one?
I like the design, but don't particularly care for the colour. Do you have that in other colours, too?
Well, they come in white, pale yellow, aqua, red and green. Will a white one do?
Yes. I prefer white - and may I see a pale yellow one, too?
Why, of course. Let's see... White... Pale yellow. Here you are, sir.

I’m so surprised to meet you in this remote village. Long time no see.
Yeah. How are you these days?

You look terrific and in good shape.
Thank you. How do you keep fit?
I do yoga twice a weeks
Yoga? It sounds interesting.
It was hard at the beginning, but now feel it's really relaxing. It makes me flexible.
Anything else?
Yes, I often go swimming. Are you interested in swimming?
Yes, I like it very much.

Are you going home now?
No, I'm not. What are you going to do? Are you going to work late?
No, I'm not. I'm going to look for an apartment.
An apartment? Why?
I'm going to try to find a place near the office.
Where are you living now?
Out in the suburbs. It's a long trip to work every day.
How are you going to find an apartment?
I'm going to buy a newspaper and check the classified ads.
Apartments in the city are expensive.
I know, but I'm going to enroll in a night school to take a course in business management.

no, no, you helped me with my computer last week. I want to repay the favor.
no, it's definitely my turn to treat you... you paid last time?!
oh, that was just a quick bite to eat---that doesn't count?!
ok, ok, how about we just go Dutch?
It's settled.
Listen, I'm still pretty new around here, would it be alright if you found the restaurant?
ok... sure.

I am waiting for a fax but just now I found there’s something wrong with the fax machine.
What’s wrong with the fax machine? Is it urgent?
Yes, very urgent. And there is no other fax machine around. And the office of our boss is closed, so I can not use his machine either. And his secretary is out. Do you have any suggestion?
Either call this extension number 0085 or ask them to send the fax to you as e-mail, you print it out.

Hey, Jim. It's time to wake up and get out of bed.
Do I have to get up now?
You'd better get up, or you'll be late.
What're you talking about? My alarm even hasn't gone off yet.
Yes, it did. It went off thirty minutes ago. You slept right through it. You're like a dead person while you sleep.
I must have slept right through it.
Rise and shine?! Sleepyhead?!
Just let me sleep five more minutes.
The early bird gets the worm.
I know, I know. But I don't want any worms. Ha?! Ha?!
If you don't make an effort now, later on it'll be a lot tougher for you.

What shall we do tonight?
How about the cinema?
That's a good idea. We haven't seen a film for ages. What would you like to see?
Oh I don't know. Titanic?
Titanic? That old film? but I've seen it before?!

I’Ve been told you might have a vacant room.
Yes. I have a spare room.
How much are you asking?
10.00 dollars a night.
Could I see the room, please?
Sure.Come on in.

Sit down, please. What's wrong with you?
I feel cold, and I'm shivering. I have a terrible headache and a sore throat.
How long have you been like that?
About a day.
Let me have a look at your throat first. Please open your mouth and say " ah ".
Ah... And show me your tongue... Thank you. That'll do. You have slight tonsillitis, and your throat is inflamed. How is your appetite?
Not so good. Now, let me take your temperature. Please put this thermometer under your armpit and let me feel your pulse? Your pulse is weak.
Do I have a temperature, doctor?
Yes, you have a high fever. I'd like to give you a blood test.

Yikes?! What was that noise?
I had to blow my nose.
Did you have to blow right next to the phone? Did you hear that?
Of course I heard that. I thought a plane had crashed into your house.
It wasn't that loud.
I will blow my nose sometime for you, and you'll see.
Okay. I'll take your word for it. I thought you had an elephant in your house.
You're funny.
What did you say? I think I've gone deaf.
I'm going into the bathroom to blow my nose. I'll be right back.

Can I have the check please?
Right away, sir.
Is this amount correct?
Yes, sir, it is.
Thank you, the service was good
Please come again.

Nowadays fewer and fewer people go to the movie theaters to see films. So I am afraid that the film studios are really getting hard time to survive.
What you said is true. But the film producers there are more flexible ways to get more audience. For example, to make more movie Ccds, so people will spend money buying them. But it is true that cinemas are losing the attraction they used to have in the past.
Yes. Take myself for example. I seldom go to cinemas, but it doesn't mean I no longer see films ; instead, I see films at home-watching Ccds.

Okay, well I’m sure you have a number of questions to ask me regarding the position.
Yes, well Miss Childs did give mean overview of the position over the phone, but there were some details I’d like to clarify.
Well feel free to ask me anything, and I’ll try to fill in the details. Could I first ask about the remuneration package?
Yes, of course. That’s quite an important point, isn’t it? As a junior sub editor we offer a starting salary of 150,000 HK dollars per annum. This doesn’t include a generous housing allowance also.
I understand. And are there other bonuses included?
Well, apart from full health insurance we do offer a company staff bonus scheme linked to readership numbers. But we could go through all the details of that at a later date.
Well, Mr. Parsons, I am flexible when it comes to salary. The opportunity to work in Hong Kong for you is the most important thing for me.
Excellent. Well, what other questions do you have Rebecca?

We need to take the accounts system offline to carry out the upgrade. But don't worry, it won't cause too much inconvenience. We're going to do it over the weekend.
How long will the system be down for?
We'll be taking everything offline in about two hours' time. It'll be down for a minimum of twelve hours. If everything goes according to plan, it should be up again by 6 pm on Saturday.
That's fine. We've allowed forty-eight hours to be on the safe side.

Welcome to IBA. Can I help you?
Yes, please. I'm here for an International Settlement. Our company has to effect payment, and it needs to be done today. Here's the advice slip for the payment.
Thanks. I'm sorry to say that you need to get this stamped. There is no stamp on this slip and it is essential before I can process it for you.
I see. So, I need to stamp it. And sign it too?
Yes, that's right. Down here, at the bottom right hand corner to show that you agree to pay the printed amount.
I'll go back to the office and get it sorted and pop back later.
Thanks, bye for now.

That's the warehouse where the large items of office equipment are stored. If I ordered a desk today, how would it be before I got delivery in Scotland?
Well, I think perhaps you'd better speak to our Production Manager, Mr. Yao. You'll meet him when we go over to the factory.

Excuse me. I have just missed the connection plane due to the heavy fog in London. Can I change my ticket now?
Please Show your ticket and passport.
Here you are.
Which flight do you want to change?
The next one to my destination. I have to be there as soon as possible.

Hi, can I speak with the apartment manager, please?
Hello, this is the apartment manager speaking.
I'm calling about the apartment for rent on Main Street.
Would you be interested in seeing the apartment?
I would love to see it.
Are you free today at around 6 p. m.?
Yes, I will be able to make it then.
Well, I'll see you at 6 p. m. Do you know how to get there?
I used to live in that area.
I'll give you an application form when I see you.
That sounds good. Do I need to bring anything?
No. Just bring yourself.

Good afternoon. Welcome to China. May I see your passport, customs and health declaration form?
Yes, here you are.
Thank you. W hat's your occupation, Mr. Smith?
I'm the general manager of the Far-East Industry Corporation. You are here on business, aren't you?
Yes, I have been invited by the East Import
I see. Do you have anything to declare?
Yes, I have some foreign currency to declare.
Would you please fill out this currency declaration form? It's a record of the foreign currency you have brought in.
All right.

How much does it cost for a bus pass?
It'll be $ 65 for a monthly pass.
Is there anything cheaper than that?
If you're in school, you can get a student pass.
Well, I am how much will that cost?
The pass is free.
I don't have to pay for anything?
You'll only have to pay for the monthly sticker.
How much is the monthly sticker?
It's $ 24 for each month.
I'll take the student bus pass.
Okay, I'll get you one.

I see there are some workmen on the site. When is the building work due to start?
Well, it'll take three weeks to demolish the old building and clear away the debris. We should be ready to start the construction work in week 23.
How long will the sub contractors be on site?
About ten weeks in total if everything goes according to plan.
I'm sure it will.
So, we should be able to start moving the machinery in during week 34.
I'll confirm that date with our suppliers.

Andrew's Hair Salon, this is Andrew.
Andrew, this is Linda Chen.
Hi Linda, what can I do for you?
I need to set up an appointment to get my hair fixed.
For what day?
Tuesday morning.

Have you bought a bus pass yet?
I'm not getting one.
Why is that?
It's cheaper if I don't buy one.
Buying a bus pass will save you money. How do you figure that?
There's no limit to how often you can use your bus pass.
Really? Plus, you don't have to use change for the bus anymore.
I like that.
You want to buy one now?
I'm going to.

Are you ready to order, sir?
Yes, I would like a roast duck and my friend wants steaks.
How do you like your steaks?
I'd like it medium-well.
OK, sir, wait a minute.

Hello, I want to know how much it costs to have a manicure and pedicure.
Usually it's 60 dollars for a manicure, and 80 dollars for a pedicure. But with this special discount, the total for both is only one hundred and 20 dollars, and you can get them painted.
That's nice. I'd like to give it a try. I think I like passion red. please.
Alright.Do you want your cuticles cut, too?
No. Would you like the shapes square or round?
Square. But with round at the edges, please.
All right, it's done. Please follow me to the drying section. How long will it take to get them dry?
Ten or about five minutes. You'll be all set.
I see, thank you.

Hello, this is Lucy. May I speak to Mr. Smith?
Oh, hello, Lucy. What's up?
I'm afraid I can't come to work today, Mr. Smith.
Oh, what's wrong with you?
I've got a fever and a very sore throat.
Well, you sound ill over the phone.
Yes. I have to stay in bed today, but I'll be able to come tomorrow.
That's all right. Have a good rest until you feel well enough.
Thank you, Mr. Smith. Goodbye.
Goodbye, Lucy.

Waiter, we have been waiting for 20 minutes. Would you mind hurrying?
I am sorry, sir, the fish you ordered will take a longer time because we make it with fresh fish.
That's fine. Would you please bring me some wine?
Sure, is dry white wine OK?
Yes.
Thank you.

Hi Bob, I won't be in work tomorrow.
Why, what's the problem?
I have a dentist appointment.
Okay.

I've come about your wools. According to our market survey, wools are likely to find a ready market in our country.
Wonderful?! We can meet your requirements and the offer is ready for you. Here it is. The unit price is USD 15.00 per kilogram.
Do you quote CIF or FOB?
It's FOB Shanghai. Could you quote the price of CIF Hamburg?
Certainly, that's easy. We will work out our CIF offer this evening. Could you come again tomorrow, say, at 10 AM?
Okay, see you tomorrow?!

Hi?! Do you want a fill-up?
Yes, please. Which type of gas do you want? Regular, Super, or Premium Unleaded?
What's the price difference?
Regular is $ 1.15, Super is $ 1.25 and Premium is $ 1.39.
Just fill it up with Regular, Unleaded, please. Do you want me to check the tires and the fluids?
Yes, I would. Thanks a lot.

Is your father in the habit of having naps?
Yes, all of us have naps.
Don't you feel dizzy when you have to get up?
No, not at all.

Excuse me. I need some storybooks in easy English. Do you have anything likethat?
Well, there are a lot of storybooks upstairs in our children's section. Some are written for young children, others for teens. Maybe some of them will suit your needs.
I'll go take a look. Thanks for your help.
You're welcome.

Good morning. I need to speak with the property manager, please.
Good morning. You are speaking to the property manager.
While it was raining last night, water started leaking in from the ceiling.
Was it leaking in the bedroom?
It was in the living room.
Can you tell me which floor you are on?
We are on the bottom floor.
I would like to look at the leak. Will you be home this morning?
Yes, someone will be here to let you in.
Just in case you have to leave, we will just use the master key.

How much is your last salary?
I have earned 10,000 a year including bonuses.
How much do you want us to pay you?
I like to be paid more than that. Hopefully, 150,000 a year.
To be honest, I left the company to get more income.

I hope you can help. I've got a bit of a problem with your ATM.
Of course, that's my job. Oh, dear. What's happened?
Well, it's eaten my card?! It won't give it back?!
I see... calm down, don't worry. May I ask what were you doing when it took your card?
Yes. I was only entering my PIN. I'm terrible at remembering it, I'm so forgetful, you see.
Mmmm... and exactly how many times did you enter it, please?
Maybe three times. As I said, I always forget it.
Ah?! Don't worry ; it's just a security measure. If someone uses a card and cannot get the right PIN after three attempts, the bank keeps the card in case it's stolen. Just contact the bank and we'll get it back to you.
Oh, I see. So if I call my branch they can sort everything out for me?
Yes, they'll be happy to help. Believe me, it happens to many people.
I'd better try harder to memorise my PIN in future. Thanks.

Is this the counter to pick up parcels?
Yes, it is. I want to pick up my parcels.
Please show me your parcel order.
OK. Here you are.
Let me check your parcel number. Song Ping's parcel number should be CP 06230221 5 CN.
Here is your parcel.
Thank you.
Not at all.

Hi Brittany. What are you doing with all of your clothes on your bed?
I'm trying to decide what to wear to school the first day.
Oh, A. Mom didn't tell you?
Didn't tell me what?
What? This Bs' school you're going to is going to make your life easy.
What are you talking about brother? Spill it.
Uniforms, sis, no more worrying about appearances?!
You mean I have to wear the same thing every day?
MOM?!

What would you like for your main dish?
Steak, please.
How would you like it?
Medium rare, please.
Anything else, sir? May I have a glass of red wine, please?
Of course.

Mr. Smith, do you like the hotel we booked?
Yes, we do. We like it very much.
I've come to make sure that your stay in Beijing is a pleasant one.
Thank you so much.

David, we have been doing business for three years, haven't we?
Yes, I'm glad we've had very pleasant cooperation in the previous years.
And your achievement for promoting our clothes was great in the three years. So, I wish to apply for the sole agency of your product in our local market. If you give us the agency, that will be more substantial for our cooperation.
To be frank, you are not the only one who applies for an agent for us in your country. I'd like to know some ideas of terms on which you would be willing to operate as our agent.
As we are a well-established company, we are very familiar with the customers' needs. Besides, we can make full use of our good connections with the wholesalers and retailers here and develop a good market for your products if appointed as your agent.
Sounds reasonable. I will tell my boss about you agent application. Another question, what do you think is the minimum annual sales you can guarantee?
To be on the safe side, and for garment of all materials, sizes, and styles, I think the amount will be 50,000 pieces a year.
Well. As our sole agency, you will neither handle the same or similar products of other origins nor re-export our goods to any other area outside your own.
No, certainly not.

Excuse me. I bought this circulator here yesterday but it doesn't work.
Oh, let's see what's wrong.

Where can I find the produce?
Aisle A is where you'll find all the produce.
What sales do they have today?
I'm sure something is on sale. Please check with the produce person.

Hello, this is Steven from Blue Sky Co. May I speak to Mr. James?
Speaking.
Excuse my troubling you. You purchased our products last year and now I am following up to find out about their workings. Are they still in good condition now?
Yeah, exactly?! I bought them last year. En... at present, they are still in good state.
That's it?! All of them have first-class quality and performance. Besides, we adopt advanced technology. Now we have developed new products. They are much better than what you have bought.
Your company is developing so fast. Maybe later on I will plan to buy more.
That's great?! Thanks for your support. If any, please remember to call us.
I am afraid I have to say goodbye now?!
Bye, Mr. James?!
Bye?!

Ms.Dawson, I need you to take a dictation for me.
Yes, sir... This should go out as an intra-office memorandum to all employees by this afternoon.Are you ready?
Yes, sir.Go ahead.
Attention all staff... Effective immediately, all office communications are restricted to email correspondence and official memos.The use of Instant Message programs by employees during working hours is strictly prohibited.
Sir, does this apply to intra-office communications only? Or will it also restrict external communications?
It should apply to all communications, not only in this office between employees, but also any outside communications.
But sir, many employees use Instant Messaging to communicate with their clients.
They will just have to change their communication methods. I don't want any - one using Instant Messaging in this office.It wastes too much time?! Now, please continue with the memo.Where were we?
This applies to internal and external communications.
Yes.Any employee who persists in using Instant Messaging will first receive a warning and be placed on probation.At second offense, the employee will face termination.Any questions regarding this new policy may be directed to department heads. Is that all?
Yes.Please get this memo typed up and distributed to all employees before 4 pm.

Do you have everything?
Let's see... my ID card, my passport, and my suitcase. I'm pretty sure I've got everything.

This is Dunlin. Is this Mrs Smith speaking?
Yes, what can I do for you?
I just want to call and say thank you for letting me interview yesterday.
You are welcome, Mr. Sun.
And I also want to know what the status is of the position.
Sorry, we haven't made the decision at all. But we should be making the decision by the end of this week. And we'll get in touch with you once we make it.
Do you have any questions we didn't cover in the interview?
No. Thank you, I am looking forward to hearing from you. Bye-bye.
Thank you for the calling. Bye-bye.

I often sneeze after having a bad itch inside my nose. Sometimes this is accompanied by an itching throat.
Any other discomfort?
Yes. Sometimes I can notice a constriction in the chest and shortness of breath after a fit of sneezing. And I often suffer from a running nose with a profuse watery discharge.
Does it occur seasonally or all year round?
It has been seasonal during these past three years.
Are you sensitive to other things?
Yes, things like seafood and penicillin-type drugs.
OK. Let me examine your nose. According to your case history and the examination, I believe that it's allergic rhinitis.
What useful treatment can you offer?
I'll give you a series of specific skin tests. Then we'll know exactly what substances you're allergic to. Then I'll give you some causes of desensitization therapy.

Miss, would you like to try this free sample of our new suntan cream?
Sure, why not?
This is a new product of company this year. It's oil-free.
I see. It feels very light on the skin.
It gives your skin a very natural healthy look. I like the cool smell, too.

So how can I make it?
First you make a list of what you wanna buy...
But I’Ve gotta have the budge before anything else.
Well, that’s a problem, isn’t it?

Did you have a part-time job when you were still in school?
No, I was way too busy studying all the time. How about you?
Yeah, I worked about twenty hours a week in a pizza restaurant.
What was that like?
It was always very busy there. What did you do?
I stood behind the register and took pizza orders.
Did you get any perks on the job?
Yeah, I got to eat as much pizza as I could for free.

Okay. I'd like to change some euro into US dollars, please.
Sure. How much would you like to change?
Six hundred euro.
Very good. May I see your passport?
Here you are.
How would you like your bills?
In fifties please.

Why are you reading the classifieds? What do you need?
I'm looking for a bookcase, but I don't want to buy a new one.
Are you having any luck?
Not really. There aren't any used bookcases listed. But there are a few rummage sales on Saturday. I think I'll go to them.
Do you mind if I go with you?
Not at all. These private sales are great places to bargain. And sometimes you can find terrific things among all the junk.
I learned to negotiate from my mother. I thought I was pretty good at bargaining, but I had a problem the other day at Kimble's Department Store.
What happened?
I wanted to buy a beautiful wool sweater for my girlfriend. It was priced at forty dollars, so I started by offering the salesclerk thirty.

Do you do a lot of your shopping online?
Not really. I like looking on the internet at what’s available, but I usually prefer to actually see and touch what I’m buying before I pay for it. Sometimes, I’ll look at something in a shop, but lat No. I’m a little worried about security. You never know who’s trying to find out your codes and passwords. Aren’t you worry about that?
Not really. I know that it happens, but if you buy from reputable companies with secure websites, you should be ok.
Even though I use online shopping facilities, I don’t think it’s the best way to sho
I’m surprised to hear you say that. I thought you loved anything technological.
I do. I’m a big fan of using new technology, but I don’t want to sit in front of a computer screen all day. I think people need to get out and interact with other people. So, how about coming to the department store with me? I want to see if there are any new summer clothes on sale yet.
Sure. I’d love to join you. Can we stop by the computer store? I just want to see if they have something.
Sure. While you’re in the computer store. I will visit the book store opposite. I like to browse through their books and see if they have anything interesting.
Ok. I’Ve finished online. Let’s go.
I’ll just get some money and my credit card.
Thanks for reminding me. I had forgotten to get mine.

Please help yourself at your dishes. I hope you’ll enjoy what you’Ve got.
It suits my taste. You are really a good cook.
Would you like to try my special recipe?
Wow, let me try. It tastes nice.
How did you make it?
It’s as easy as pie. I always follow recipes.

Mr. Dick. Does the recommendation of the university play an important role?
Yes. In fact, the recommendation letter written by the university is an indirect self-recommendation. In the long period of cooperation, the university has established good relationship with the companies or organizations, they trust each other well. If your university recommends you, you can be approved more easily.
But I find that most of the recommendation letters written by universities are the same. So I doubt its authority.
More and more persons have the same discoveries since most universities do that in order to save energy. If your university also does like this, you can look for other methods, because such kinds of recommendations say nothing for you. Could you tell me whether or not I send out my resume with it?
It depends. If it has something special or useful, I suggest you send it out.

Taylor, can you tell me how to apply for a job on the Internet?
Just fill out an application. Do I have to send an E-mail?
You are expected to know the E-mail address of the unit.
But I still don't know which unit is in need of staff. Send out an application through Job-wanted on the website.
Can any unit see my information?
It's a two-way choice. And your application will be read.
Which websites offer this service?
Sina, 21st Century Talent Net, and a few others.
Thank you.

Don’t throw your weight around. I can’t bear you any more.
I dare you to say that again.

Were you a leader when you were in college?
Yes. I was Propaganda department minister of our university.
Did you get any honors or awards at your university?
No. It’s a pity about it.
Were you involved in any club activities at your university?
Yes. I was a member of the basketball Society. I like playing basketball.
What extracurricular activities did you usually take part in at your college?
I sometimes played basketball and sometimes played football.

You want to argue your ticket today?
Yes. That is why I'm here.
Tell me your argument.
I was pulled over for allegedly speeding.
Are you sure you weren't speeding?
To be honest, I really wasn't.
What speed were you going?
I was under the speed limit. I was going 35, when the speed limit was 40.
I'm just going to let you go, since the arresting officer isn't here.
What about my ticket? Do I still need to pay?
Don't worry about it.
I'm so glad for your help.

Annie, do you like shopping online?
Yes, I like it, because it's convenient. Last week, I tried to buy a new cellphone online, but I didn't know how to pay for it.
First, you should open an account at the online bank. After that, you can buy anything you want online.
Are there many things online?
Sure. You can find everything all over the world. Let's check it out online?!
( They log in a shopping website. ) That's amazing. Oh, an on line virtual supermarket? Let's click to check it out. Oh, I got it. It simulates the real supermarket, which makes it feel so real.
Mom will love it. She loves shopping in supermarkets.

Ah, Bob. Just the person I wanted to see.
So what is it?
You gotta help me out this time, buddy.
Another tough thing, I guess.

Hey?! What happened??! My song was only half way through and it skipped to the next song.
I don't know what happened?! You cancelled the song, didn't you, Jack?
No, I didn't.
Really?! Then, is the machine broken or...

Good evening, Do you have a reservation?
Yes. The reservation under Mr. Watson.
Ah, yes, a table for four at 8 Em, no, thanks. I think we'll go straight to the table, By the way. may I check my overcoat here?
Certainly, sir. We'll keep it in the cloakroom for you. Here is your number. When you leave, show it to the waiter behind the counter, please.
Thank you. Could you show us to our table now? Would you please follow me, please?
Thank you. This is your table. It's Number 10.

Hello, ma’am. Can I help you? I’m looking for a sweater.
What size are you looking for?
Well, I’m looking for size 10 but you don’t have it.
How about this one? I think it looks terrific on you.
Yes, I like the color. Can I try it on?
Sure. The fitting room is on your right.
It fits well. I like it a lot. What do you think?
You look pretty in red.
Oh, it’s my favorite. How much is it?
$ 29.99.
Okay. I’ll take it. Thank you very much for your help.
You’re welcome.

Do you have any cars available?
We have only one mid-size car left.
Great, what's the rate per day?
It's 40 $ plus tax per day on limited mileage.
I'm going to need it for three days. Can I see your driver's license?
Sure, here is my driver's license.
Please sign here.

Are you ready to order? I think that we have a pretty good idea of what we would like to order.
Let me tell you about the specials of the day, which are chicken in a wine sauce with capers, and grilled garlic shrimp.
I was wondering if the chef could leave off the sauce.
The chef would be happy to accommodate your special requests.
I am a vegetarian. Do you have any vegetarian selections?
You could choose the roasted vegetable and garlic pizza or the goat cheese and candied walnut salad.
I think that we will split the roasted vegetable and garlic pizza.
That is a good selection, and I can bring your salads now or serve them with your entree.
You can bring us our salads when you bring us our entree.

I can't open this email attachment our Paris office has sent me. Are you sure you're using the right program?
Well, yes it's definitely the same program but I might have the wrong version. Their system is newer than ours.
That's why you can't open it. You'll have to upgrade before you can read the file.

What kind of character do you think you have?
Generally speaking, l am an open-minded person.
What is your strongest trait?
Cheerfulness and friendliness.
How would your friends or colleagues describe you?
They say Mr. Sun is a friendly, sensitive, caring and determined person.
What personality do you admire?
I admire a person who is honest, flexible and easy-going.
How do you get along with others?
I get on well with others.

Hi, I need to make an appointment to see the doctor.
What seems to be the problem?
I have a rash that I need a doctor to look at.
Do you have a fever with that rash?
No, it just itches a lot.
I have openings on Tuesday or Wednesday. Which would be best for you?
I need an appointment on Tuesday.
Fine, I am putting you down for 9
I would like to see Dr. Jones.
I can schedule you with him with no problem.
We look forward to seeing you.

Wow?! What's the hold up?
It’s probably just people trying to get an early start out of the city for the weekend. Nobody sticks around in the summer.
Really? Then, I guess I won’t have a hard time finding a room or getting a cab?
Actually, you might because there’s a big convention in town this weekend.
I’m not too worried about it. I always seem to find something.

Hello, how can I help you today?
I'd like to withdraw some money from my account.
Please fill out this slip stating how much you wish to withdraw.
Well, actually, it's quite a substantial amount. Here's my Bank Book. Will that cause a problem?
On your account there is no limit to over the counter withdrawals, it won't cause a problem.
Here's your money, 10,000 RIB. Please count it before you leave.
Yes, that seems to be all in order. Thanks very much.

Quality is very important to us. We work to very low tolerance levels. We need to have guaranteed supplies of consistently high quality raw materials. Over the years we've built up very good relationships with our suppliers.
Do you have many different suppliers?
Yes. There are about fifty names on our approved supplier list, but for raw materials we tend to deal with three local companies.

Mary, can you tell me how you keep in shape?
You'll never be in shape until you eat less and take more exercise. Now, tell me what you often eat.
I often eat fish and eggs. Do you eat a lot of vegetables?
Oh yes, and fruits. I love fruits very much.
What do you like to drink?
Well, I never drink alcohol, coffee or tea. Whatever would you like to drink?
I drink a lot of milk. I drink milk almost every day. How often do you exercise?
Well, I walk every day. It's a good diet and a regular exercise.
Yes, quite right.

I am sorry, but I cannot stay for the rest of class today.
Why do you need to leave early?
I don’t feel so good. What doesn’t feel right?
I feel as if I am going to be sick to my stomach.
Perhaps you should get checked out at the Student Health Center before you go home.
I have some medicine at home that I could take.
Are you going to be OK to drive home, or would you like someone to go with you?
Thank you, but my friend is in the library, and he can give me a ride home.
We hope that you are feeling better soon. E-mail me if you have any questions.

Your boyfriend is so considerate to you. When do you plan to marry?
It’s still up in the air. There is something wrong between us.

We're considering of ordering 200 computers, but I'm wondering about the price you'll possibly offer.
Our price will be not less than $ 5000.
Your price is higher than I expected. Could you give us a little discount?
This is already our best price. But the price is always negotiable and you should consider our quantity of order.
Well, what would you suggest? Could you make it $ 4500?
I'm afraid that there is no room to negotiate the price. This is the best price we can quote.
Can we meet each other half way?
What do you mean? Let's close the deal at $ 4800, OK?
You drive a hard bargain?! OK, that's a deal.

I'm now on the Songshan airport getting ready for departure. I realized that I might have left my watch.
Yes, Ma'am. May I have your name and room number?
My name is Terry. I stayed last night in your hotel in room 132. What kind of watch is it?
It's a brand-new Seiko wrist watch.
Yes, we have it.
Oh, I'm glad to hear that. Would you kindly send it to the Hilton Hotel?

What are your thoughts on the apartment?
I think that it’s absolutely gorgeous.
There aren’t any problems with the apartment?
I think that the apartment looks very nice, but I do see some problems.
What problems?
I did notice a few stains in the carpet.
We will have the carpet cleaned before you move in.
You will?
Yes, but other than that, are there any more problems?
That was the only thing that I saw that was wrong with the apartment.
I’m happy that you find this apartment so appealing.
It is. I love it.

That China-gown of Tang-Dynasty style is so beautiful. Would you show it to me, please?
Absolutely. Here it is.
Could I try it on?
Please do, the fitting-room is over there.
It feels a little tight around the waist. Do you have a bigger one?
I'm sorry. We don't have this color in your size. We have some green ones in your size. Would you please have a look at this green one?
OK. How much does it cost?
It's 486 yuan.
Mmm, it is reasonable.

Mrs. Wang, would you give us an idea of the price you regard as workable?
As I said before, your price is so high that we find it difficult to make a bid. We hope you will take the initiative and bridge the gap.
Just to comply, we're ready to reduce the price by 5 percent. I hope this concession of ours will get the ball rolling.
So do we. Certainly it's a step forward on your side. But the gap is still too wide.
The ball is in your court, Mrs.Wang. What price would you suggest?
To make your offer workable, I think you should take another step down as big as the one you've just taken.
That won't do. You see, our profit margin is very narrow. It simply can't stand such a big cut.
I hate to disappoint you, Mr. Brown, but if that's the case, we have no alternative but to cover our requirements elsewhere.
Do think it over, please. We sincerely hope our discussion will come to a successful conclusion.
Well, I'm not authorized to agree to such a big reduction. Would you mind waiting a day or two, until I get a reply from the home office?
Not at all. Shall we meet again, say, on Friday morning?
Good. Friday morning at 9.

Good morning. Good morning.This is Mary.Can I speak to Anne please?
I’m sorry She isn’t in at the moment. She will come back at half past nineCan I take a message for her?
Thank you.But I will call her later
OK.Goodbye.
Goodbye.

Hi, Jane. How are you doing this morning?
I’m all right, thanks. Just a little tired.
Late night?
Yeah, I got home around two.

We've been waiting here for nearly ten minutes now, and there still isn't a bus in sight. I'm afraid we'll be late for the party. Have you got the time, Tom?
Yes, my watch says a quarter to seven. but there is something wrong with my watch?!
But you bought it only last month.
Yes, but ever since I bought it, it gains about five minutes a day, so I' Ve got to have it repaired.
How long will it take us to get there?
I think about ten minutes by bus.
It's not far away, then. Let's walk, it's beginning to rain.
Wait?! I think I see a bus coming now.
Let's hope it's the No. 22 bus.

Hi, Mr. Smith. I'm Doctor Hawkins. Why are you here today?
I found it would be a good idea to get a check-up.
Yes, well, you haven't had one for 5 years. You should have one every year.
I know. I figure as long as there is nothing wrong, why go see the doctor?
Well, the best way to avoid serious illnesses is to find out about them early. So try to come at least once a year for your own good.
Ok. Let me see here. Your eyes and ears look fine. Take a deep breath, please. Do you smoke, Mr. Smith?
Yes.
Smoking is the leading cause of lung cancer and heart disease, you know. You really should quit.
I've tried hundreds of times, but I just can't seem to kick the habit.
Well, we have classes and some medications that might help. I'll give you more information before you leave.
Ok, thanks doctor.

Good afternoon. Mr. Tylor's office?
I'm afraid you've got the wrong extension.
I'm sorry, but could you please transfer this call to Mr. Tylor's office?
Sure, please hold on.
Thank you. Now Mr. Tylor's on the line. Go ahead, please.
You are so kind, you helped me a lot.
You are welcome. Bye?!

Good afternoon, Lexington Software. Angelina Dawson, how can I help?
Hello, this is Quinn from IBA.
Ah, hello Quinn. Oh dear, you are calling to tell me there is a problem, aren't you?
I'm afraid so, yes.
Hmm... well, it was my first attempt?! Is it a very big mistake, or can we just alter it?
Unfortunately it's rather a big mistake.
What do you recommend we do?
I would recommend we scrap this one and you bring in another set as soon as possible.
I trust your judgement. Thank you, Quinn. I'll be back tomorrow with a new set. Bye for now.

Oh?!?!?! I have a horrible toothache.
You should go to the dentist.
I hate dentists.
Well, suffer then. If you have a toothache, you have to go to the dentist. It always hurts.
I hate going.
Stop being such a baby. If it really hurts that much, just let them knock you out.
O. K., O. K., I’ll go.
Good. You'll feel better after you do.

Hi, I would like to purchase a one way ticket to Brussels, please.
Certainly sir, this is our train schedule. We have an express train departing every morning and an overnight train that departs at nine pm.
How long does it take to get there?
About twelve hours. We currently have tickets available only for first class on the express train. If you’d like, you can choose a sleeper on the overnight train which is a bit less expensive.
Yeah, I think that is the best option. Do you serve food on the train? Twelve hours is such a long time?!
Yes, of course. There is a dining car towards the front of the train where they serve meals at all times. We do provide complimentary water and coffee for all of our passengers.
Great?! I’ll take it. Here you are sir. Your train leaves from platform number nine at nine on the dot. Remember to be here at least thirty minutes before your scheduled departure time or else you might miss your train?!
I understand. Thank you very much?! Have a great trip.

I would like to take a trip to the beach this weekend.
A trip to the beach would be fun. How is the weather going to be?
The forecast says that it will be warm on the weekend.
So do you think it'll be perfect weather for the beach?
It sounds like it will be. I really hope it doesn't get cold. That would ruin things, I want to go so badly.
The weather in California is unpredictable, so you never know.
That is true. The weather is constantly changing. It would be nice if the weather would never change.
That would be great, then we could plan things sooner. True.
Predictable weather would make life easier.

Some companies use to ban dating among employees, but now they have realized it is something in avertable. People spend so much time at work. It is not surprising for one to have a crash on the other. If we think positively, office love can be beneficial to company.
Beneficial? I don’t think so. If two employees get married, they will leave at the same time for a honeymoon, or later one of them will stay at home taking care of babies. If they break up, the company will probably have to relocate one of them to make the workplace more comfortable. By any means, the company must spare extra efforts to solve problems brought by an office dating.
But if two employees are in love, they will be happy. Happy people are more productive. If they develop an intimate relation with each other, they are willing to share knowledge and experience. It can help to improve work efficiency.
I doubt that.

Do you eat a lot of healthy food?
Compared with healthy food, unhealthy food just tastes so much better. And anyway, I believe if you live a low stress Life and are active, you can get away with eating whatever you like. It's all in the mind.
You have the point. I think cancer is caused by more worry than by the things we consume. Some good things you should try are cranberry juice, wild rice and yoghurt.
What's special about these things?
Cranberry juice is very good for destroying harmful bacteria in your guts because it's very acidic. Wild rice is high in fibre so it's good for your guts and it's high in protein and minerals-I think it's also tastier than normal rice. Yoghurt's good because it's also rich in protein, vitamins and is also acidic. People have been making yoghurt for thousands of years and if you have it every day, your guts will be much more settled.
Thanks. I'm going to follow your advice and pop down to the supermarket right now.

I've been so tired recently. I've been trying, but I don't think I'm up to this job.
You need to take a break, maybe a vacation. Oh, yes, indeed. I've run out of steam.
To be honest, I want to be in a different environment.
Is that so?
Yes, I don't want to be stuck in a rut. I want to move on.
Have you decided?
Yes. I want to get a better job.
Could you tell me why you want to quit?
I quit just because of the dissatisfying salary and the trouble in getting along with my colleagues.
Oh, that's terrible. Do you want to get a higher salary in our company?
I'm afraid not. I've promised my girlfriend. We'll travel southwards to find a job that offers higher pay.
OK, I'd like to say that I've really enjoyed working with you. However, I think you should work harder for your new job and then you can ask for higher pay.
Thank you so much for your advice. And every best wish for your new job.
Thank you.

The train is leaving. Hurry up?! Which car are we in?
Let me see. Oh, No. 11. Here we are, Car 11. Let's get in.
Seats No. 20 and 21. It’s nice that we’Ve got a window seat.
Let's put our suitcases on the rack.
Oh, the baggage rack is full. Put them under the seat for the time being.
All right.

So, how should we get to the theatre? Let's take the bus.
I hate the bus system in London?! The bus drivers are rude, the buses are never on time, and there are few people around who can help you.
It's not that bad. You probably just had a bad experience once.
It wasn't just once. Every single time I take the bus, something bad happens to me or to someone else on the bus.
We could take the subway, but we'd have to go three stops along one line and then change trains twice. Train fares are twice as expensive as the bus fare, too.
If we don't hurry up, we'll miss the show. Should we take the bus?
We're already late, so I think we had better take a taxi.
I don't think we'll be able to find a taxi very easily during hush hours. Let's just take the bus.
Fine. Have a look at the timetable to find out when the next one arrives.
It looks like it should be here in just a few minutes. don't worry. Nothing bad will happen. I'll even buy your ticket for you.
Thanks, that was nice of you.
See, now something good has happened to you on a bus trip?!

Let's go over this plan again. From Vancouver, we bike along the border all the way to Winnipeg. And that is mostly flat, right?
Relatively, once we're out of Alberta, anyway. Then it's hills again in Aitoba.
And from Winnipeg we go around the lakes through Toronto, right?
That's right. And up in to Quebec. And that's where we stop.
It doesn't sound like that much when we go over the plan but that's a long, long ride. Are you ready for the cross country of a lifetime?

Good morning, sir. What can I do for you?
I'm Bill. I'm in Room 908. Can you change the room for me? It's too noisy. My wife was woken up several times by the noise the baggage elevator made. She said it was too much for her.
I'm awfully sorry, sir. I do apologize. Room 908 is at the end of the corridor. It's possible that the noise is heard early in the morning when all is quiet.
Anyhow, I'd like to change our room.
No problem, sir. We'll manage it, but we don't have any spare room today. Could you wait till tomorrow? The American People-to-people Education Delegation will be leaving tomorrow morning. There'll be some rooms for you to choose from.
All right. I hope we'll be able to enjoy our stay in a quiet suite tomorrow evening and have a sound sleep.
Be sure. I'll make a note of that. Everything will be taken care of. And if there is anything more you need, please let us know.

It's time for bed.
I'm not ready to go to sleep. I'm not tired.
It's quite late, and you have an early day tomorrow.
I'm not going to be able to fall asleep.
Why don't you try counting sheep?
I've tried that before. It really doesn't work.
That's beside the point, you still need to go to bed.
Why can't I just stay up until I fall asleep?
If I let you do that, then you're just going to be up all night.
I promise I'll go to sleep soon.
No, you're going to sleep now, so good night.
See you in the morning.

I see myself as being honest, diligent, persevering and creative. And I have a strong sense of responsibility.
How about your psychological resilience?
I think I can work well under pressure, if necessary.
How would you deal with those who are not easy to get along with?
I will just be sincere and friendly to others, and I believe they will treat me the same way.
You seem to be a kind-hearted lady.
Thank you. I simply believe the goodness of human nature.
Please tell me your weaknesses if you can.
I should admit that sometimes I care too much about the details. I am always in pursuit of perfection.

Karen? I need to go over a few things with you.
Certainly. Mr. Graham. When would you like to meet?
I was thinking about this afternoon, after the sales meeting.
Fine. At 3:30?

I believe we' Ve met before. My name's David.
Yes, at your company, I think. I'm Frank.
Oh, I remember now.Very nice to meet you again.
Nice meeting you, too.

I made my little brother cry.
Shame on you?!

I need some mascara. Do you have good thickening mascara?
Of course. Here is our thickening mascara. We also have mascara designed to lengthen the eyelashes.
Alright. And I want to consider your eye shadow too. Do you have a color chart can look at?
We have a very wide selection of colors. And our eye shadow is specially designed to moisturize the skin. So it is very gentle on your eyelids. Would you like to sample some?
Oh, sure I will need to clean off my own eye shadow first.
I can help you with that.
Thank you.

Is this the baggage claim area for flight KB256?
Yes, we are on the same plane.
But I am a transfer passenger. I have a connecting flight to Miami.
So you have to bring your baggage to the transfer check-in area.
Yes.It' s quite troublesome. Why not go and find a porter?

Billy, you don’t look too well. Maybe you should take the day off school.
But Mom?! Today we’re playing football?! I love football?!
You’Ve got a fever and playing football isn’t a good idea for a boy with a fever.
What’s that on your arm?
I don’t know. It was there when I woke up this morning.
It’s rash. I’d better take you to see the doctor.
How did you get that bruise on your leg?
I bashed it against the chair in my room.
Does it hurt?
A little, but not much. Here. Put this wet towel on your face to keep your temperature down. I’ll take you to the doctor’s after breakfast.
If I’m better this afternoon, can I go to school?
If you are better, but I doubt you will be.

This is your schedule.
You're going out of your way for us, I believe.
You are our honored guests.

Are there any vacancies still available?
Yes. We need a plumber here.
I am looking for a job that is more advanced than that, such as sales manager or regional manager.
I am sorry. They are not available now.

My name is Mary, and I will be your waitress tonight.
Thank you, Mary. We have been looking forward to trying out this restaurant.
Before your main course, would you like to order an appetizer?
Sure, that sounds great. Where are your appetizers listed?
There is a special appetizer menu right here in the center of the table.
The chicken and cheese quesadilla looks good. Is that pretty good?
You know, that is one of my favorites?!
OK, I'll take one order of that.
You could choose another appetizer for half price to share.
Perfect?! Please add on an order of onion rings.

I am waiting for a fax but just now I found there's something wrong with the fax machine.
What's wrong with the fax machine? Is it urgent?
Yes, very urgent. And there is no other fax machine around. And the office of our boss is closed, so I can not use his machine either. And his secretary is out. Do you have any suggestion?
Either call this extension number 0085 or ask them to send the fax to you as e-mail, you print it out.

I would like to speak to you, if you don’t mind.
What would you like to speak to me about?
I would like to talk to you about this year’s election.
Is that right? I am a volunteer for this year’s campaign.
That’s wonderful. I am impressed at someone so young taking a stand. I know history is about to be made, and I would like to be a part of it.
That’s fantastic. Are you planning on voting?
I’m going to vote. Go to your polling place early on Election Day.
I will.
Good luck with your volunteering.

We hope that there will be no repetition of this kind of trouble in the future.
Yes. I promise it will not happen again.
We look forward to your settlement at an early date.
We will inform you as soon as possible.

Hello, Steven. How do you get along with your job?
Actually, I learn many things from it. I find that I am a quick learner in new things.
Practice makes perfect. By the way, what do you learn from your job?
At first I didn't know anything about the machine. Now I know how to operate it. Besides, the work gives me a sense of fulfillment and achievement.
Yeah, you are a good learner. I must commend you for your good performance.
Thank you. That's a long way to go for my job.
I appreciate your effort very much. The coffee break is over ; it's about time we set to work.
OK, let's go.

Where on earth are we?
Judging by all the traffic, I'd say we're near the outskirts of the city.
What did I do wrong? Did I take a wrong turn?
I'm not sure, but I think you turned right when you should have turned left on the flyover bridge.
Well, now we should turn back a few kilometres. It seems that the traffic sign is much more important than the map.

Hello. Front desk.
Yes. This is Bob Robinson. I’m calling from room number 627.
Hi, Bob. What can I do for you? Is it possible to change to another room?
Could you please tell me why? My room is facing the swimming pool. It’s noisy for me. I have a problem sleeping. And I feel uncomfortable when I take an elevator.
So you need a quiet side room on the lower floor.
You’re right. Okay. Let me check for a room on the first floor.
Thank you.
I’Ve only two rooms on the first floor. How about room 108?
That’s fine. Can I move now?
Sure. I’ll send the bellman to help you.
Oh, thank you kindly.
You’re welcome.

How long will it take for our order to be delivered?
Let's see. You are importing fifty containers of textiles from China. They should be able to place your order before the end of next week. It will take 2 days for shipping to the port city of Ningpo. The freight will take 3 weeks on the open ocean and will arrive in Los Angeles approximately a month from today. Domestic shipping will be your responsibility, you can make arrangements with the pier in Los Angeles.
Fine, we will handle domestic shipping, but what about customs? Will we have to pay tariff on our imports?
I hope we don't run into any problems with the border control.
No, the Chinese company has that all worked out. With the paperwork you receive with the shipment, you should be good to go.

Now you're my boss, Mr. Henry. Do you have any other particular conditions that you would like the company to take into consideration?
No, nothing in particular. You may ask questions about us, if you have any.
All right. When can I start?

What are you doing here today?
I would like to fight my ticket.
Is the arresting officer in the courtroom today?
Yes, the officer is here today. What's your case?
I was pulled over for running a red light, but I never did.
Do you believe that the officer lied?
There was a camera on the signal. So, he was obviously lying.
Your license plate was caught on camera?
A picture of my license plate was never taken.
Since there is no picture of your license plate on record, I'm going to let you go.
Thank you. I'm glad that you believe me.

Hey Joe, what are you doing in this department store?
Hi, Rita, I'm just looking for a pair of shoes. I won't be here for long.
Why not? When I go shoe shopping, I have so many options for sneakers that I spend awhile looking at all of the choices.
That's my problem. I don't have a lot of options. What do you mean?
This is a big store, isn't it?
Yes, but I have unusually big feet. That wouldn't be too much of a problem except that they're also very wide, and only a few brands sell shoes that I can fit into.
So how do you usually go about buying shoes, then?
Well, first of all, I can only go to certain stores that can guarantee me a large selection.
Well, you're in the right store. If they don't have it, no one will.
After that I choose something from one of the few brands that I know will fit me. I prefer white, so I ask them to bring me a pair of white sneakers in my size. Since I’m usually only given one or two pairs of shoes that meet my qualifications, it makes it a very easy choice.

what shall we do after the volleyball match?
how about going to the Olympic souvenir store to have a look? I remember there is one in the gym.
that's a good idea. I was thinking of buying some gifts for my family. me, too.
What did you have in mind?
I haven't decided yet, but I think the Olympic Mascots are a must.
I agree. They're very lovely, especially " Huan Huan ".
is that the red one? That is my favorite, too. Do you know how much they are?
the five dolls are sold together as a set, and they're priced according to the size. The bigger they are the more expensive.
oh, I see. If I buy more than a set, can I get any discount?
I don't think so. All the souvenirs of the Olympic Games are very hot right now.
any other ideas?
there are lots of things, such as postcards, key chains, posters and various arts and crafts.
it all sounds great. We can go there after the match. I can't wait to see what they have.

Mom?! I hate eating vegetables?!
You don’t have to eat them. I don’t mind.
Thanks mom?! Can I have dessert now? I love chocolate cake?!
No dessert for you unless you eat all your vegetables.
But I don’t like them?! It’s not fair?!
You can have some fruit for dessert. If you eat an apple and a banana, I might let you have a small piece of chocolate cake.
Ok... actually, I don’t mind eating peas and carrots, buy I hate broccoli and cauliflower.
I’ll remember that for next time. You’ll get extra peas and carrots, buy no broccoli or cauliflower. OK?
Thanks mom?!

It was very kind of you to give me a tour of the place. It gave me a good idea of your product range.
It’s a pleasure to show our factory to our customers. What’s your general impression, may I ask?
Very impressive, indeed, especially the speed of your NW Model. That’s our latest development. A product with high performance.
We put it on the market just two months ago. The machine gives you an edge over your competitors, I guess.
Certainly. No one can match us as far as speed is concerned.
Could you give me some brochures for that machine? And the price if possible.
Right. Here is our sales catalog and literature.
Thank you. I think we may be able to work together in the future.

Is the factory fully-automated?
Not completely. Our production process is partially-automated. We use robots on the production line for routine assembly jobs but some of the work is still done manually.
What about supply of parts to the production line?
Well, the parts are automatically selected from the store room using a bar-code system. And there is an automatic feeder which takes them to the conveyor belt at the start of the production line.
What about the smaller components?
They're transported to the workstations on automated vehicles - robot trucks - which run on guide rails around the factory.

I'm glad you're on your ten-year reunion planning committee.
Yeah, you get the TV to yourself while I spend my nights surfing the Net for missing classmates. That's not why. This way I can see how you guys do this sort of thing.
I guess. Don't you have reunions in Taiwan?
Definitely. Every year. But just for our forty-person class. Ours are for everyone that graduated in the same year.

What does your job involve?
I'm the Project Manager so I have to make sure our projects run smoothly. I work with three Project Engineers. They take care of after-sales service and look after the maintenance side of the business.

How many languages can you speak?
Besides Chinese, I can speak English and French. You mean you can read and write both of them?
No, I can only carry on a simple conversation in French.
Can you read and write English well?
I can speak the language better than read and write.
Do you speak the language well enough to communicate with people of English-speaking countries?
I think so. I used to be an interpreter. Do you think your English is good enough to do desk work?
The amount of English I know enables me to do general desk work. I believe what I know is sufficient to work in an American firm.

What can I get for you? Here is the menu.
Let me have a look. Well, how many kinds of steaks do you have?
We have sirloin steaks, pepper steak, and filet steak.
Is there something go with the filet steak?
Yes, we have various sauces.
What about the gravy?

Are you ready to go shopping?
Just a minute. I need to make a list of thinks that we need.
Good idea. Have you written down potatoes, carrots, and onions?
I don’t have onions on my list. I’ll add them. We should get some tea. Is green tea ok or should we get the same tea that we usually get?
Let’s get both. We need some coffee too. Is that on your list?
Yes, it is. Here’s my list. Is there anything that I’Ve forgotten?
I think you’Ve got everything. I want to got some chocolate and some cheese.
What kind of cheese do you want.
I’m not sure. I’ll decide at the cheese counter, when I can see what they have.
Have we got enough money?
We don’t have enough cash, so I’ll take my credit card and we can pay with that.
Where are the car keys?
I’Ve got them there. Shall I drive?

Hello, can you tell me how to use the telephone?
If you want to order meals, call 8801.If you need other help, call 8803 and someone will be there.
Thank you so much. By the way, is there a mail service?
Yes, you can take your letters to the counter over there.

I am afraid that the fax machine in my room won’t be working till tomorrow. A technician has just come and checked it. He will bring me a new one tomorrow. It seems there is a big problem with mine and it will take some days for repairing. Can I use the one in your office?
Of course you can. I am sure this one works very well. I just sent dozens of pages. How many pages are you sending? Are you familiar with my fax machine?
Yes, I think you have the same model as I have.
Does your fax machine print out immediately a transmission protocol?
Yes, it will print immediately.

How many years have you done business with China?
Let me see, about five years, we established our business relationship with Hua Mei of China Import & Export Corporation in 2003.
Do you have any difficulties in doing business in China? You know the Chinese economic legislation is still incomplete?
I don't think I have any problem with our Chinese partners. They have always followed the contract strictly. We can do business directly with the corporation. As I mentioned before, the Chinese government is trying very hard to perfect its law. Its commercial legislation provides legal protection for foreign companies.
Well, it's known that the Sino-American relation is in a dilemma. Does it influence your business in China?
Actually not at present. But we are afraid it will. You know policies influence business to some extent.
I hope our government will not be influenced by some extremists. China is really a large market. We don't want to lose it.
Thank you.
You're welcome.

Give me a pack of first-class stamps, please.
Here you are. That will be five dollars. Anything else?
Yes. I want some post cards and some airmail stamps. I want to send some letters to South America.
Just a moment, I'll look up the rate for air-mail letters to South America.
Can you tell me how much it will cost to send a package to Colombia? Also, I what to know how long it will take.
Do you have the package with you? I would have to weigh it to see how much it would cost. Do you insure package?
Yes. All you have to do declare the value of the package and decide how much you want to insure it for.
Is there a way that I can be sure that the people in South america receive my package?
The post office rarely loses package. You can, however, request a rectum receipt.
One last question-what are your hours?
We open at eight-thirty in the morning and close at five-thirty in the afternoon.
Thank you, you helped me a lot.

Hello, thank you for taking the time to interview me.
Hi there, I’m Bill Gotcha, the owner of Gotcha Enterprises. Did you find your way here OK?
Your assistant gave wonderful directions.
Why are you switching jobs at this point in your career?
Our Company is moving overseas and I wish to stay in the United States.
What are you best at?
I am good at organizing systems that have been having problems.
What is your biggest challenge in terms of skills?
I don’t like to sit around and so like to always find things to do to keep myself busy.
That is good to hear?!

Good morning. SRC international. How may I help you?
Good morning. I'd like to speak to Peter. Chen Please.
Certainly. Who should I say is calling?
This is Tim. Hunter from Hunter industries.
And what is it regarding please?
We have an appointment for this afternoon. Mr. Chen will know why I'm calling.
Of course, Please hold the line Mr. Hunter.

Right, let me run through your options. You can go ahead and cash your undue Large-Amount Deposit Certificate if you really want to, but I'd recommend a Personal Durable Commodities Loan.
OK, what does that entail?
It's not too much trouble to do it this way and remember, your certificate is due in 2 months. If you can hold on to it, it'll be much better for your finances.
Yes, it does seem a little silly to cash it now. I'll probably need about 25,000 RIB. Will that be a problem?
Not at all, Mr Zu. As the certificate is due in 2 months, you can get the loan on mortgage of that certificate.
I'm glad you thought of this. I'd have just gone ahead and cashed it?! And I suppose I can use the money from the certificate to pay back this Personal Durable Commodities Loan and I won't lose any interest, right?
Exactly right. If you'd like to go ahead, I can process that for you now, Mr Zu.
Absolutely, Jenny. Thanks very much, I think you've saved me quite a lot of money today.

My aunt told me one of her secrets--cellophane tape. I just got it at the special health store. It's for my flabby arms.
Let me know how it works. I have to say, I have had enough of this roller coaster.
I know what you mean. I'm like a yo-yo. Last week I was down to 60 kilos. This week I had one donut more. Now I'm up to 62 kilos.

May I have a menu, please?
Of course. Could you tell me how this thing is cooked? Lobster?
It is steamed and served with our special sauce.
Is it good?
Sure. It is a most popular dish.
I think I will try some lobster, and give me some green salad together.

Can’t you come in and have tea now, Peter?
Not yet, I must water the garden first.
Do you have to water it now?
I’m afraid I must. Look at it?! It’s terribly dry.
What a nuisance?! Last summer it was very dry, too. Don’t you remember? I had to water it every day.
Well, I’ll have tea by myself.
That was quick?! Have you finished already? Yes, Look out of the window. It’s raining.
That means you needn’t water the garden.
That was a pleasant surprise. It means I can have tea, instead.

I'm broke, and I have to catch another bus.
Why don't you have any money for another bus?
I got hungry and bought some chips.
That was smart.
Anyway, do you have any change I can use for the bus?
I don't have any.
I don't know how I'm going to get home.
Get a transfer from the bus driver.
How much is a transfer?
It doesn't cost anything.
That's great?! Thanks for your help.
You know what? Don't mention it.

Hello, Anna. Come in and sit down.
Hello, doctor.
What's the matter? I've got a backache.
Do you often suffer from backache?
No, I don't. I've never had a bad one before. When did it start?
About four days ago.
Well, go home and rest in bed for two days, then you'll feel better. Can you give me some medicine? It's very painful.
Yes, I'll give you some pills. Take one a time and three times a day, and come back in three days. If you don't feel...

Welcome on board. May I see your boarding pass?
Here you are. Your seat is three, in the third row, near the window.
Thank you. Where can I put my suitcase?
Either in the overhead compartment or underneath the seat.
Everyone's attention, please. We are going to take off. Please fasten your belts.

Hello, madam. How do you like your staying here?
Quite good. Excuse me, are there any places of interest?
Yes, there are so many near our hoteI. Three blocks away from here, there is temple. It's famous for its building and paintings. lt' s worth visiting.
Thank you. I think today we will go there.

You're here to make a deposit, is that correct?
Right. I'd like to deposit 2,000 RIB into my Current Account.
No problem. Could I have the cash and your Bank Book, please?
Oh dear... there seems to be some problems here... What? What's wrong?
I'm sorry but 5 of these notes seem to be counterfeit. Look at this watermark, do you see it?
It does look a little strange, I didn't notice that before.

Hello, sir. Is there anything I can help you find?
Um... Uh... I'm just looking, thanks.
Need a gift for your girlfriend or wife...
No, no, no. I'm just browsing. Thanks anyway.
Well, if you need anything, just ask. Um... well, where's the men's shoe department?
It's on the third floor. Turn left when you get off the escalator.
Thanks.

An idea about killing time on a train?
I advise you to read Playboy.You can get a lot from it.
But there's quite a lot of rumors about it.
That's why it's interesting.

Have you brought the receipt with you?
No, I don't. I left it home.
Sorry, but we can't do anything without the receipt. Come back with it.
I didn't know. I'll go to get it. How late will you be open?
Till 5:30.

I haven't told you what happened yet, have I?
I haven't heard anything.
My boss offered me a promotion, and I took it.
Are you serious?
Yes, I am really excited.
That's great. Congratulations?!
Thank you.
Actually, I could not believe it at first. You know, there're so many outstanding people in our company. Many of them are qualified to fill that position.
Sure, but you really did great and outperformed the others. You deserved it?!
Thank you very much.

I like Chinese food.
I like Chinese food, too. I like dumplings best. At school, we sometimes have Chinese food for lunch.
That's good. We eat Chinese food only at the Chinese restaurant.
My mother can make some Chinese food.
Really? That's wonderful?!

OK. Come back into the classroom, class.
Does the class start again, Mam?
Yes, but to the heath, this break has last long enough.
Oh, breaktime flies. come on, baby. It’s time now.
Mam, another minute, could I?
Hurry up, little boy.

What's the actual flight time from here to San Francisco?
It's about twelve hours.
Can you tell me what time we're arriving?
Sure. Let me see... at 6:15 a. m. local time.
I see. And that'll be 10:15 p. m. Beijing time.

Excuse me, but I'm not feeling too well. I think I'm going to throw up.
There's an airsickness bag behind the seat that's in front of you.
I must've missed it. Is this your first time flying?
Yes. I'm going to San Francisco.
Oh, it's a beautiful city. I think you'll like it.
Hey, I'm feeling much better already.
Sometimes if you don't think about it, that sick feeling will go away on its own.
Thanks.
By the way, my name is Mary.
I'm Frank. Nice to meet you.

Welcome to Al's Bakery. What can I get you?
Hi?! Let me get a dozen croissants, four blueberry muffins and a loaf of sourdough bread.
Sure. Would you like to have the loaf sliced?
No, that's OK. Do you have any whole wheat bread?
We are out at the moment. May I suggest some rye bread?
Sure that sounds good. Do you have any cakes?
We have various birthday cakes and also ice cream cakes.
I'll just take a cheesecake.
Will that be all?
Yes.
Your total is forty three dollars and twenty cents.
You got it.

Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, we are happy you have all come out for our training workshop. Today we have a great line-up of speakers to talk to you. First on our program is a well-renown expert in the field of international economic development, Harvard's own Dr. James Smith. Dr. Smith has been involved in economic research for over twenty years, and has taught at Harvard since 1995. And now, without further adieu, we'd like to welcome Mr. James Smith.
Thank you, Mr. Jackson, ladies and gentlemen, colleagues, friends. The subject of my talk is international relations in a morgen world. I plan to say a few words about the current situation in the Middle East and how it affects world economy. I'd like to give you an overview of the way that the economies of seemingly unrelated countries are intertwined. I've divided my talk into three parts, first an overview of international relations, second a discussion of current political situations, and lastly trends for the future. My presentation will take about two hours, but there will be a twenty-minute break in the middle. We'll stop for lunch at 12.

You're looking rather pale, why?
I couldn't sleep well recently.
You'd get plenty of sleep for you work so hard.
I always drink too much wine in the evening.
You shan't drink more wine in the evening.
Yes, you are right.
And you'd take some exercise every day.
Many thanks for your advice.

Hello Mrs Parker, how have you been?
Hello Dr Peters. Just fine thank you. Ricky and I are here for his vaccines.
Very well. Let's see, according to his vaccination record, Ricky has received his Polio, Tetanus and Hepatitis B shots. He is 14 months old, so he is due for Hepatitis A, Chickenpox and Measles shots.
What about Rubella and Mumps?
Well, I can only give him these for now, and after a couple of weeks I can administer the rest.
OK, great. Doctor, I think I also may need a Tetanus booster. Last time I got it was maybe fifteen years ago?!
We will check our records and I'll have the nurse administer and the booster as well. Now, please hold Ricky's arm tight, this may sting a little.

I’m interested in teaching at your school.
Great. Are you a qualified teacher?
Yes.
What kind of teaching certificate do you have?
I have a TEFL certificate.
How many years of experience do you have?
I have three years of teaching ESL and four years of teaching per-school children.
When did you get your TEFL certificate?
I got my TEFL certificate three years ago.
Why do you want to teach at our school?
Well, I’Ve heard many good things about it. I also like teaching young children.
That’s great. Can you speak Chinese?
Yes, just a little.
Can you come in for an interview tomorrow at 10:00?
I sure can.
Great. See you then.

Why is the car before us stopping?
What's going on? Look. Two cars are standing right in the middle of the road and the drivers are shouting rude words to each other.
That's why that car stops.
More and more people easily get irritated while driving.
Yes. This is what is called road rage.

This is today’s schedule. At 8 thirty AM, conference with the department managers. At 9 o’clock, live for the workshop where you’ll award prizes to the staff for preventatives.
That’s great. What are the prizes?
3000 RIB as bonus for each person. To encourage the staff increases.
Ok. Next thing is laying the corner-stone for the new plant at 10 AM. At 12 AM, back here for lunch. What about the afternoon? At 2 PM, give a presentation here with the press. At four o’clock sharp, have dinner with Mr. Smith, manager of NCC.

This is Lincoln Bank, Consumer Credit Department. How can I help you?
Ah, hello. I'm calling to find out how I apply for a car loan.
We offer a Personal Automobile Consumer Loan. The application process is pretty straight forward. I trust you have enough funds to cover the 20 % down payment?
Yes, I do. It's ready and waiting in my account.
The next step is for us to recommend a dealer to you, who are already contracted to us, so...
Could I just stop you there? Sorry to interrupt, but I have already been to your appointed dealer and selected the car I want.
That will certainly cut down the processing time. We can move on to the next step. Do you have the purchase price?
Yes, it's 110,000 RIB. So, with the down payment done, I will need to borrow 70,000 RIB.
What we need you to do next is to come into the branch with a correctly filled in application form, ID card, proof of residency, proof of income, the agreement from the agent and of course the 20 % down payment.
Yes, I have everything here.
OK, I'll come in and see you later today. Maybe I could have my new car as early as next week?! How exciting?!

Hi, my name is Tom.
Tom, the new sales representative? Nice to meet you?! I'm Melinda.
Nice to meet you too.Melinda. Now let me show you around. This is our reception area, and our conference room is right over there. Over here is the sales department.
Really? This is a nice office, but it's quite small.
Yeah... You can make photocopies and send faxes over there.
It looks like you guys work hard.
I tell you what just between you and me, we just mess things up so that it looks like we work hard.Just kidding.
Oh, your cubicle is over the. And this way. Those are all private offices the managers offices.
Hmm... Tell me more details about our jobs.
Sure thing.

What do you think of our price? Your price has gone up sharply, hasn't it?
Yes. We regret we cannot maintain our original price. Since the prices of the raw materials have been raised, we have to adjust the price of our products accordingly.
I agree with you there, but your price is unreasonable.
I don't think so. You must compare our price with that of other export houses. I'm sure our offer is in line with the prevailing market price level.
I don't think we'll be able to pay the price.
To have this business concluded, you need to lower your price at least by 3 %.
I’m afraid that there is no room for any reduction in price.
Don't you agree with me that in the long run, moderate prices will bring about large sales and more profit?
We've already cut down our price to cost level.
Is that all?
Yes, this is the best we can do.
I'm sorry we can't handle the price you offered.

So, Jimmy, how does it feel to have your own money?
It’s great, dad. I don’t mind delivering papers, but the real fun is collecting the money.
Even though you are only twelve, it’s not too early to start saving a little money.
I’Ve never had a bank account before. Why don’t I just keep my money under the matters like grandpa does?
You know you would spend it. And also, money in the bank earns interest.
But what if I need my money suddenly?
The bank will give you a PIN, and you can withdraw money from any ATM.
Great?! So it’s almost the same as keeping it under the matters?!
Not quite. You have to maintain a minimum balance of twenty dollars. And sometimes the bank has service charges. But you don’t have to worry about that yet. Let’s go make your first depot OK.
Guess I have to do that before. I can make money my first withdrawal.

Is this where I can catch a bus to the theater?
Yes, but you can't get there with out a change.
Which bus do I have to change?
You have to get off at the hospital and change for bus 15.
I see. Thank you.

Here we are, Joan. This is the Palace museum, also known as the Forbidden city.
Oh, how splendid?! Can you take a picture of me here?
Sure.

Excuse me. I'm afraid I got lost. Where am I on this map?
We are here, bus station, we are in the heart of the city.
Oh?! Can I go from here to the Zhongshan Park?
Head straight up the street about two blocks then turn right.

Tony, could you tell me if there are any special rules about the job?
Working hours are from 8: 30 a. m. to 5:00 p. m. Be sure not to be late or absent. Report to the manager by filling in the' Monthly Report' every month.
Is there anything else? How about my salary?
Our company has a strict and reasonable salary standard. On the 20th day of every month, you can get your salary on time. Benefits depend upon the length of service and the employee's past attendance record.
Wow, thank you for telling me these. Do you mind telling me something else, like attendance record, holiday, and how to ask for leave?
All new members are likely to ask the same questions. Haha.
I can understand that. Every month you have three days off, besides the weekends and some important holidays. After you've been here for a year, you qualify for a one-week vacation. The leave less than a half-day should predict for an hour, and more than a half-day should predict three days.
Okay, that's good. I get it.

Kate, you never believe what's happened.
What do you mean?
Masha and Hero are getting divorced.
You are kidding. What happened?
Well, I don't really know, but I heard that they are having a separation for 2 months, and filed for divorce.
That's really surprising. I always thought they are well matched.
What about the kids? Who get custody?
Masha, it seems quiet and makable, no quarrelling about who get the house and stock and then contesting the divorce with other details worked out.
That's the change from all the back stepping we usually hear about.
Well, I still can't believe it, Masha and Hero, the perfect couple.
When would they divorce be final?
Early in the New Year I guess.

Overseas operator. I would like to make a collect call to Taipei, Taiwan, please.
Your name, please.
Tim Chen.
What's the number, please.
The area code is 2, and the number is 2367-9960.
The line is connected. Please go ahead.

Hello. Excuse me.
Yes. Can I help you? Do you remember me? I just had lunch here a half hour ago.
Of course I remember you.
I think I lost my wallet here.
Oh, no. Really? I didn't see anything.
Really? You didn't find a wallet?
No, I didn't.
Would you like to go look by the table with me?
Yes, I would.
It's not here. And it's not on the floor.Has anyone sat at this table since we left?
No. It's been empty the whole time.
Hmm. I don't know how it could have happened.
I remember, sir, that your friend took the bill.You didn't pay for the lunch yourself, did you?
No. My friend did.
Then are you sure you took your wallet out of your pocket while you were here?
No, I'm not sure. But I usually take out my wallet when I sit down.It' s uncomfortable to sit on it. So I usually put it next to me on the table.
Maybe you lost it before you came here. Or maybe you left it at home.
I don't think it's at home. I think I had it when I left the house.But what should I do?
Well, the first thing you should do is make sure it's not at home.Then, if it isn't, you need to call your credit card companies and cancel your cards. Next, you need to replace whatever you lost, your driver's license, things like that.
Should I call the police?
You can if you want. But the police usually don't do anything about lost wallets.
Hmm. I'll go home and check. Maybe you're right. Maybe it's at home.
I'm sorry we couldn't find it, sir.
Thanks for your help.

Good morning, young lady. You can call me Ma. Do you see anything you like?
Yes. Many things?! I especially love this beautiful quilt.
That quilt was passed down to me from my ma in Holland.
It sounds like a special quilt. Why do you want to sell it?
Well, this home is too big for me now, so I'm moving to an apartment that is much smaller. Therefore, I need to part with a few things.
Oh, I see. Umm, how much do you want for the quilt?
Is fifteen dollars OK?

Have you got change for a thousand?
Let me see.

May I come in, Mr Sun?
I’d rather you didn’t, Miss Yang. I’m very busy now.
Can I try later then?
Yes, of course.
Is it all right for me to come in now, Mr Sun?
Well, uh... I’m still pretty busy, but... all right. Come in.
What can I do for you?
Do you mind if I sit down?
Not at all. Take a seat. Now what can I do for you?
I want to leave the department. Do you think I could put info a transfer?
Yes.
But why should you want to do that?
Do you mind if I speak frankly?
Not at all. Go ahead.
Well. You see, I don’t like the office. I don’t like the staff. And I’m afraid of you. And I don’t want to go one. So may I put info a transfer?
Yes. I’d be delighted if you did.

Where is that? Take me to the airport, please.
Are you in a hurry?
I have to be there before 17 o'clock.
We'll make it except a jam. You know it's rush hour.
There's an extra ten in it for you if you can get me there on time.
I'll do my best.
Here's twenty dollars. Do you have small bills?
No. If you can't break it, keep the change. But can you give me a receipt?
Here is your receipt.
Thank you.

Recently I have been getting headache and my eyes don't seems to see focus properly.
When did you last time have your eyes checked?
Two years ago. At that time I had no problems.Now I can’t even make out something ten meters away.
Come over here. I will test your eyes. First cover your left eye like this, and when I point, please read the chart from the top, and go as far as you can, telling me which way the “ E ” points.
All right. Good.Now the other eye. Well, this one is worse.
Never mind, just read as far as you can.
I can only read the first three lines.

Is there a car park near the supermarket?
Yes, there is an underground car park near the supermarket.
I see. Thanks.

Oh, come on, Ultraman?! What's up, Bro? What's in the bulletin?
It says that there will be a blackout from 5 p. m. to 7 p. m. in our neighborhood today.
Blackout? Even the TV has the limit. Don't you know you will look like a monster in the blackout?
Oops, no, Daddy can't watch American Idol, either?! That's not the point.
Come on, can you imagine that there will be no electricity on such a hot day? Oh, my god?! No air-conditioner?!
OK, since you are the smart one, can you come up with a better plan? So that we won't be baked like cookies here.
How about playing Barbie out there in the neighborhood?
Barbie? You know, I might be seven, but I'm not a girl.
Do you have a better plan?
All right, all right.

Yes, ma'am, how could I help you?
I am wondering if you do facial care?
Yes, we do.
How much would it be?
From 200 to 800.
I'm afraid 800 is too expensive for me. Could you recommend something around 300?
No problem.

Can I help you, Miss?
I would like to order 2 office-style cabinets and desk calendars. We want office-style cabinets in white. The catalogue number is 90-f-2356.
How soon do you want it?
Could you deliver it tomorrow?
No problem. Please handle the items carefully.
Certainly.
We will pay by collect on delivery.

I hate to do this to you, Alice, but I’m going to have to ask you to put in some more overtime.
Does it have to be this afternoon, Mr. Fairbanks? I’Ve already made plans.
Well, I would have preferred to do it today, but if you’Ve already made plans, we can do it tomorrow.
I’d appreciate that, sir. How long do you think you’ll need me to stay?

What’s your attitude when do wrong things at work?
The buck stops here.

Hello?! Is your company advertising for administrative assistant on the newspapers?
Well, Administrative assistant with shorthand and typing skills are badly needed here.
First I want to check about the availability and see if you could give me more information.
The position calls for a person with some working experience. We must be able to benefit from your analytical and interpersonal skills. Can you deliver your resume to us first?
Of course. I will deliver my resume to you in minutes' time. I hope you will consider my application and I shall appreciate a reply at your earliest convenience.
OK. I will call you soon. Bye now.
Bye.

Just as the saying goes, every potter praises his own pot. You should pay special attention to selling yourself properly in the interview. It is especially important for the graduates who step into the job market for the first time. You'd better prepare what you are going to say in advance, in order to have a good performance in the interview. The contents should be mainly descriptions of your background. And the length depends on the particular situation. Only when you are aware of what the interviewer will be interested in, can you make a targeted preparation. To sell yourself successfully, you should leave the interviewer a deep impression. Selling yourself should go straight to the point, and the statement should be clear and brief. It should also be truthful and realistic. Do not blindly blow your own horn. You should particularly state your strong points which are closely related to the position you are applying for. While you should not omit your weak points, they need to be described appropriately Time permitted, you could add certain examples to your description. Besides, in the interview, it is best that you make corresponding adjustments to apply your prepared contents flexibly.

Hello?
Hi, Deborah?! This is John. I'm calling from Australia.
What are you doing in Australia?
I'm attending a conference in Sydney this week. Remember?
Oh, right. What time is it there?
It's 10:00 P. M. And it's four o'clock in Los Angeles, right?
Yes - four o'clock in the morning.
4:00 A. M.? I'm really sorry.
That's OK. I'm awake now.

John hasn't turned up and Stefan is ill. Do we have anyone on stand-by?
I'm afraid not, we're very short-staffed at the moment.
Can you ask the shift supervisor to ask one of his team to do some overtime?
Perhaps Tommy can stand in for an hour or two until we find a replacement.

Jack, let’s go?! Oh, you are out of breath?! What happened?
Some people are wildly shooting on the next street. We must leave here as soon as possible?!
Take it easy. They will get caught.

Hello. May I speak to Jerry, please?
Sorry, but he is out for lunch right now.
I see. Can you give me some idea how long he'll be back?
I think he will be back around 2:00. If you like, please leave your name and phone number, I'll have him call you as soon as he comes back.
That's nice. My name is Steven, my phone number is 6789777.
Okay, I'll be waiting for his call. Thank you and bye?!
My pleasure, bye?!

Excuse me, Miss. What can I do for you?
I've just heard an announcement that my flight has been delayed.
What's your flight number?
Flight CA216 to Chengdu.
Yes, it's true. It has been delayed.
Could you please tell me why?
Yes, of course. The delay is due to heavy rain.
How long will the delay be? Do you have any further information about it?
I am sorry, we don't know the extent of the delay at present. But according to the latest weather forecast, there will be a change in weather soon. We have to wait.
Well, is it possible for the rain to stop before noon?
It's hard to say. Weather is so changeable in the summer. Please listen to the latest announcement about your flight.
Yes, I will. Thanks a lot. Bye?!
Bye

What are we going to do? I can't get the car out of this ditch. I'm stuck?!
I'm worried, Tom. I haven't seen any other cars for almost an hour.
I know. This is terrible. What can we do? This snow doesn't stop falling?!
I told you we should have stayed in town today.The weather report said 100 percent chance of snow.Why did you want to come up here?
I wanted to show you the cabin. We only had another half-hour to go.
Well, now we're stuck. What can we do?
I don't know. I've heard that when this happens, it's important to save energy.
What do you mean? We're stranded here, Tom. We may be here a long time.We need to conserve the gas in the car. The car's energy is what will keep us warm.
I have plenty of gas.
Yes, but the gas and the battery both have to stay working.We can't just let the car run and run.If we do, it will die soon. Then we'll freeze.
So what can we do?
Turn the lights off.Then, run the car and the heater only about fifteen minutes every hour.That will conserve the heat as long as possible.
Alright. That's a good idea. I wish we hadn't come up here. Now we'll probably be here for days.
Days?
Yes, it happens.That is what happens in big snowstorms. People get stranded for days.
Oh, my God?! It's good we have food. Probably we'll survive.But turn the car off for about forty-five minutes. Then we'll turn it on again.

Hey, buddy, can’t you see there’s a line?
Oh, sorry. I didn’t know.
What? You haven’t taken the bus before?
No, I’m afraid not.
Well, you have to wait in line like everyone else. Besides, you should let old people on first.
Sorry.
It’s all right. Where are you going?
I wanted to see the White House.
Oh, well you don’t want this bus, anyway. It goes to Georgetown.
Oh, no. It’s all right, though. Just get off at the next stop and catch the 79A.
Oh, well thank you very much.
You’re welcome.

Can I help you?
I'd like the double cheese burger meal, please.
What kind of drink would you like with that?
Just coke will be fine.
Would you like a super size meal? Only 2 RIB more, you'll get large coke and fries instead of medium. And today we are offering free toys all the meal boxes.
That sounds good, thanks, I'd like that. Actually I'd like sprite instead of coke, thanks.
That's not a problem, Miss. Will that be it?
Yes, that's all. That will be 25RMB, please
You got it.

Do you have any night tours?
Yes, we will depart in 10 minutes.
Is that a guided tour?
Yes, it is.
That's fine. Let's get on the bus.

I am sure we will make it up as soon as possible.
That's nice. We hope this matter will not affect our good relations in our future dealings.
Of course not. We have cooperated for a long time.

I would like to purchase some meat.
What kind of meat would you like to get today?
First off, I'm going to need a pound of ground beef.
A pound of ground beef is $ 2.48.
That's perfect. What else will you be needing?
I'm also going to need three pounds of chicken breasts.
The chicken breasts cost $ 4.05 per pound. What's the total price for the chicken?
It's going to be $ 12.15.
Okay, I think that will be all for me today.

I think you know already that I want to discuss the represent - ton for your alarm clocks.
Yes, Mr. Bergeron. You mentioned that in your letter.
To tell you the truth, your proposal surprised us.
Is that so?
Anyhow I want to go over the details with you in person, so you can give my suggestion thorough consideration.
Our firm specializes in this line of business. We have six sales representatives, who are on the road all the time, covering the whole of the European market.
Do you sell direct to shops?
Yes, we specialize in handling clocks and watches of all sorts. We have well established channels of distribution and we canvass the retailers direct, without any middlemen.
Do you keep a stock of these things?
In some cases, such as the wristwatches, which always have a steady market, we keep a stock in London and act as distributors as well as agents. Generally, however, we pass on the orders of our clients to the manufacturers for supply. We are paid for our service, of course.
That is, your commission.
Yes, our commission is very reasonable. We usually get a 10 % commission of the amount on every deal. Our agents in other areas usually get a 3-5 % commission. The European market is not familiar with your products. You have competitors from Japan and other continental countries. At the beginning of our campaign, there is sales resistance to overcome, we must send out salesmen to do a lot of traveling and spend a considerable amount of money on advertising in news - papers and TV programs. A 10 % commission will not leave us much.
According to your estimate, what is the maximum annual turn - over you can fulfill, in round figures, of course?
We will always do our utmost to enlarge the business, as our remuneration increases with the turnover, but we will not guar - ante anything, at least not to begin with.
We appreciate very much your intention to push the sale of our products. But our suggestion to you, Mr. Bergeron, as a preliminary step, is to do a little research into the market...
Do you mean to say you refuse us the agency?
Mr. Bergeron, you leave us no alternative. We can not give you an exclusive agency of the whole European market without having the slightest idea of your possible annual marketing turnover. Besides our price is worked out according to the costing. A 10 % commission means an increase in our price. We must have the reaction of the buyers in this respect.
Oh, that's just too bad. I intended to make great efforts in selling your products.
Well, we can still carry on our business relationship without the agreement. To start the ball rolling, we will provide you with price lists, catalogues and some samples. Only when you have a thorough knowledge of the marketing possibilities of our products, can we then discuss further details.
Ah, Mrs. Miller, but in this case am I covered?
Oh, yes. We will give you a 5 % commission on every transaction.
All right, but I'll be back again for the Autumn Fair. And then I hope we can see eye to eye about our commission and the terms of the agency.
Very good. We will discuss the matter again at the next Fair.

Excuse me, I’m sorry to trouble you. My name is Susan Ransom, and I have placed several orders with you company.
Yes, Mr. Ransom? This is Karl Miller. How may I help you?
Well, I wonder if you could track an order I placed with you last month. It hasn’t arrived yet.
Certainly, Ms. Ransom. Do you have an order number?

Have you worked out the offers. Mr. Thou?
Yes, we have. Here's our CIF quotation sheet. Please have a careful look.
Are the prices on the list firm offers?
Yes. All the quotations on the list are subject to our final confirmation.
I wonder whether there are any changes in your prices.
All these products are our best-selling lines. The prices of our products will change according to that of the international market demand. And we are always open to negotiate, especially on larger orders.
What do you have in mind?
How long does your offer remain valid?
I need some time to get my supervisors on board with this plan.
I understand. Our offer remains open for 4 days.

Hello sir, may I help you?
Yeah, I accidentally dropped my phone in the toilet.
I see. Well, you have come to the right place. We have over one hundred models of more than twenty leading mobile phone manufacturers.
Sounds good. I don’t want it to be too expensive, maybe something mid-range.
We have this new ETC smart phone.It comes with the Android OS so you can download applications. It also has a built-in camera, mp3 player and touch screen. It works on the 3G network so you have fast access to the internet wherever you are.
What about Wi-fi?
Of course?! You can access the internet from any hotspot as well as from home.
One last thing. Is it waterproof?

We have been over this a hundred times?! We are not getting a pet?!
Why not? Come on?! Just a cute little puppy or a kitty?!
Who is going to look after a dog or a cat?
I will?! I’ll feed it, bathe it and walk it every day?! We can get a Labrador or a German Shepard?!
What if we want to take a vacation? Who will we leave it with? Plus, our apartment is too small for that breed of dog.
Ok. How about we get a cat or a ferret?
We’re planning on having children soon, I don’t think those animals are a good idea with a baby in the house.
Fine?! Let’s get a bird then?! We can keep it in its cage and teach it to talk?! A parrot would be awesome?!
I’ll tell you what, I can get you some hamsters and we’ll take it from there.
Yay?!

Good evening, Mr. Lee and thank you for choosing our airline. We have just discovered that this flight is overbooked. Would you like to volunteer to give up your seat?
Overbooked? Give up my seat? I don’t understand.
From time to time we have a situation in which there are more passengers than there are seats on the aircraft. That’s overbooked.
I know what overbooked is, I just don’t understand how that could happen?
Actually it’s a common practice to overbook, as passengers often don’t take their flight as scheduled. Most of the time there is no problem but today, more passengers arrived than we have seats,
So who has to stay behind?
Well, first we ask for volunteers. If someone like yourself volunteers, they receive a free round trip ticket to be used within one year. If no one volunteers we just have to select someone.
Ok. I’ll volunteer. I could use a free ticket?!

I want to rent this apartment.
I’m glad to hear that. How much are you asking?
You will have to pay $ 1050 every month.
I can’t afford that. What can you afford?
I was thinking $ 800 a month.
I’ll need you to pay more than that. How much more?
How does $ 900 every month sound to you?
I can live with that. We have a deal then.

Good morning, Miss Monica. Nice to meet you again?!
Good morning, Mr. Thomas, it is nice to see you too. After the internal discussion, we have all agreed that you are the most suitable person for this position among all the candidates. So, today let’s talk about your expected salary and social benefits. What is your expected salary?
I’Ve worked in the field for more than 4 years. Depend on my work qualifications and experience, I would like to have 5000 Yuan to start.
The basic salary for your position in our company would be 4800 Yuan to start with increases giving according to your performance.
It is a bit lower than I expected. But I can accept that.
What are the working hours?
40 hours a week, Monday to Friday, 9 AM to 5 PM with one hour lunch break every day..
Do I have to work on weekend? If so, how do you pay for the overtime?
We do expect overtime work when it is necessary, but we pay twice of the work hour for working on weekends and three times for working on national holidays like Spring Festival and the Mid-Autumn Day.
Is there probation?
No probation is involved. If you feel good, you can start next week.

Welcome to the McDonald's. What will it be for you, madam?
One Big Mac and French Fries.
Is there anything else?
Give me one coke, please.
Is this to go or to eat here?
To go, please.
That comes to four dollars and ten cents.
And can I have some ketchup, please?
It's on the service counter over there. Please go to help yourself.

What's the name of this street?
University Street.
Do you know of any banks near here?
You'll see one at the corner on your right.

Hey there, you look a little lost. Are you new here?
Yeah how’d you know?
You can always spot the newbies. I can give you a few pointers if you want. Were you trying to use this machine here?
Yeah?! I just started my training today and I’m not really sure where to begin.
It’s ok, I know how it is. This machine here will work out your upper body, mainly your triceps and biceps. Are you looking to develop strength or muscle tone and definition?
Well, I don’t want to be ripped like you?! I just want a good physique with weights and Carpio.
In that case you want to work with less weight. You can start off by working ten to fifteen reps in four sets. Five kilo weights should be enough. Now it’s very important that you stretch before pumping iron or you might pull a muscle.
Got it?!
Wow is that the weight you are lifting? My goodness that’s a lot of weight?!
It’s not that much. Just watch... I’m ok...

Excuse me.Could you tell me how to return to the Hilton Hotel? I am afraid I lost my way.
Do you have a hotel card or something? Let's see.Yes, I have the address and telephone number here.
Oh, you're staying at the downtown Hilton.Then, you go down two blocks this way and turn left.You' ll find it on the right.
Well, I don't understand it very well.Will you draw me a map?

Excuse me, but could you tell me the way to the railway station?
The railway station? Just go down this street and turn left at the second corner. The station is at the end of that street.
How long will it take me to get there?
It's about a ten-minute walk.
That's very clear. I think I can find my way now. Thank you.
Not at all.

How does the political system work in your country?
We have hundreds of constituencies and the voters in each one elect a member of parliament. Most people call them mp’s.
Each mp belongs to a political party, right?
Almost all of them do. A few are independent. That means that they do not belong to a party.
If one party more than half of the mp’s. they form a government. That means that they choose a prime Finist
What’s a cabinet?
This is a small group of people-perhaps 25 mp’s who are usually ministers. They make all the big decision and discuss laws and policy.
Can any mp make a law?
Any mp can present a law to parliament. The proposed law is debated and voted on. If it is accepted, it becomes law.
I suppose a proposed a law needs the support of the big political parties.
Yes, it does, because they have most of the mp’s. most mp’s vote the way their party wants them to.
How do people choose which party or candidate to vote for?
They produce manifesto. These documents which states their policies. Some people just vote for the same party every time there is an election. Voters who often change the party they vote for are Calle

How was your interview?
Pretty good. The HR manager asked me the usual questions. Then he wondered why I had decided to leave my previous job.
What did you say?
I told him that I hadn’t got a raise for three years. I also told him that one of my best co-workers quitted her job because she had not been promoted for eight years.
Did he want to know the reasons?
Yes. I told him that my boss made some excuses of the recession. But I thought he had a pattern and a record of promoting men only. That’s sex discrimination.
When will you get the reply?
In a couple of days, I was told.
Wish you good luck?!
Thank you.

What qualities do you think a senior executive should possess?
Generally speaking, he needs creativity, the ability to communicate, sense of personal responsibilities, the ability to solve problems and so on.
Do you have all these qualities?
Yes, I have all of them. I am totally competent to be a senior executive.

Hi. I need more amenities, please.
Could you be a little more specific, sir?
Well, to be more specific, the free stuff, like soap, lotion, and shampoo.
I understand. Now, you're saying that you've already used up all your amenities?
Oh, no?! I've got all I need for my stay here.
So, what's the problem?
I need souvenirs?!
You want some souvenirs?!
Yes, yes. Souvenirs.
But, sir, our souvenir shop carries all those items.
That's not the same thing. If you buy hotel souvenirs, they have no sentimental value.
I understand, sir. I'll call housekeeping. You'll have your souvenirs shortly.

Hello, may I help you?
Yes.We' re interested in seeing the rooms for rent.
Oh, how nice.They' re bright rooms and the house is very quiet.
A nice quiet house is exactly what we're looking for.
Well, gentleman.Each room is $ 40 a week if you think that's OK.
That sounds just wonderful to us. When do you want to move in?
How about this afternoon?
Fine. I'll be expecting you around two.

Are you ready to order? May I suggest a veal?
No, I'll have the fish please.
The chicken is also nice.
No, I want the fish.
Our special tonight is lobster.
Thank you, but I prefer the fish.
Perhaps you'd enjoy the lamb.
No, I like the fish.
What ever you say?

Am I ever hungry? When will supper be ready?
It's almost ready. Can you set the table?
All right. Want to taste this dish?
Yeah. Oh, it's delicious?! Really?
Definitely. It's a wonderful meal.
Thank you, Honey. If you like to help me do the dishes, I'll be more dreadful.
I wish I could, but I won't.

Good morning, Kate. Long time no see.
Good morning, Vera, Nice to meet you.
Kate, I know you’Ve been a stewardess for more than one year. And I’ll have an interview on stewardess tomorrow. Can you tell me some etiquette about the interview?
Of course. First you should do up your long hair and do make up but not too thick.
Is there anything else I should pay attention to?
Yes, when you attend the interview, you should pay attention to your manner, style of conversation and expression. You should keep smiling always, being polite when you talk with the interviewer. Don't move from time to time when you sit there. And you also should know how to use eye contact.
Thank you, I've learned so much from you.
That’s all right. Hope you can do better tomorrow.

Can you fix me a cup of tea, Johnny?
Well... uh... how about a glass of juice instead?
No. I'd like tea. Can you put it in my favorite cup? You probably washed it...
Oh, yeah. Well, uh, about your mug... I'll find it...
Where are all the floral pattern plates? And dad's Yankee's mug?

Good morning, sir. May I help you?
Yes, I'd like to settle my bill.
Certainly sir. May I have your room key, please?
Sure. Here you are.
Just a moment, please. I'll draw up your bill for you... Thank you for waiting, sir. Your bill totals two thousand six hundred and fifty-eight yuan, including the phone and laundry.
That much?! Would you mind letting me have a look at it?
Not at all, sir. Here you are.
Thanks. Well, It seems to be right. How much is that in dollars, please?
Just a moment, sir. I'll calculate that for you. It comes to 305 dollars and 52 cents at today's exchange rate.
I see. OK. How would you like to make the payment?
In cash, please.
Here you are.
Thank you, sir... Here is your change. Could you check it, please? Thank you for choosing our hotel. I hope you enjoyed your stay.
By the way, please forward my mail to this address.
Certainly, sir. We hope you have a good trip.

Hi, Sam. I want to buy a pet. Do you have any ideas?
You really should go to Rachel's pet store.
why? anything special there?
it's more than special. You can find as many kinds of animals as you can put a name to and more.
Oh, really? are there any snakes?
snakes? there are even rodents and monkeys?! it's a world of exotic pets.
that's terrific. I can't wait to check it out.
Hang on. are you sure you want to keep a non-traditional pet?
why not? it's so cool.
but it will pose a risk to your health.
pardon?
i mean, most reptiles carry some harmful bacteria. they are likely to cause immune system problems.
well, I didn't realize that. I don't believe it's a good choice to keep those pets, especially for families with young children.
oh, I should have thought of my brother's baby girl. Maybe I'll just have a dog instead of an exotic pet.
yes, good luck, Maria.

I’m a new student. My name’s Robert. Nice to meet you.
My name’s Sophie. Are you French?
Yes, I’m. Are you French, too?
No, I’m not. What nationality are you?
I’m Italian. Are you a teacher?
No, I’m not. What’s your job?
I’m a keyboard operator. What’s your job?
I’m an engineer.

I can’t believe Obama is our President.
I am proud to know that he is our President.
You voted for him, right?
Did you vote for him, because I know that I did.
I did, too. I have nothing but faith in Obama.
Really? I’m sure he will help better America.
We do need some change in this country.
Our country is already changing as it is.
You’re absolutely right. I trust that he will take good care of our country.

Do you have a reservation, sir?
No, I’m afraid we don’t.
I’m sorry the restaurant is full now. You have to wait for about half an hour. Would you like to have a drink at the lounge until there’s a table available.
No, thanks, I’ll come back later. May I reserve a table for two?
Yes, of course. May I have your name, sir?
Bruce
By the way, can we have a table by the window?
we’ll try to arrange it, but I can’t guarantee sir.
That’s fine.
your table's ready, sir? Please step this way.

Do you have coffee shops in China, too?
Yes, of course. There are many tea houses and bars in China, too. People can drink, eat and relax at these places.
You like to go to these places, don’t you?
Yes, sometimes the music there is so beautiful. It is very romantic. I can stay there for hours.
Do you often go there alone?
No, I often go there with my friends.

Hi there?! I am looking for a new car. I have this old Ford Pinto that I would like to trade in.
I see. You are in luck this month because all of our models are on sale?! it is a perfect time to buy a new car since it’s the end of the year.
Perfect?!
I like this one.
That is the Ford Focus. A very light but powerful vehicle. It comes with dual side airbags, power steering and power windows, tinted windows and your choice of either automatic or manual transmission.
Sounds like a good car?! How many miles to the gallon?
It is a very fuel efficient vehicle giving you about 34 miles in the city and 40 on the highway.
That is really convenient. Especially now that fuel prices are so high?!
What’s under the hood?
A very powerful 2.5- liter turbocharged engine, Trust me, this car is fast?!
Now for the most difficult question. What is the price tag for this lovely vehicle?
Very affordable mam. You can take it out of this lot today with 0 % down payment and no interest for the first year?! You can test drive it now and we can sign the papers when we get back.
Great?! Let’s do it?!

I wonder if you could help me, I'm looking for a room.
Well, I have got a vacancy.
What sort of price are you asking?
Eight dolls fifty a week excluding laundry.
Would it be convenient to see the room?
Can you call back later? We're right in the middle of lunch.

Could you give me an expense report? I would like to attach the invoices for my phone bill this season.
Here you are. Do you need glue?
That is very kind of you. I’m just running out of glue.
You’re welcome.

IBA, Jane speaking. How can I help you?
Hello. I'd like to speak to someone regarding my card.
Sorry, I'm not quite sure if I understand. In what way, Sir? Has your card been stolen?
No, no. Nothing at all like that. It's just that I applied for a credit card with you a while ago, my application was accepted, but I'm still waiting for my card.
Oh, I see, Sir. Well, it does take 5 working days to issue and post the card.
Yes, my application was accepted last Friday. Now it's Wednesday, that's more than 5 days.
Sorry, Sir, but it's 5 working days. This does not include weekends, so your card should be with you later this week.
Of course?! How silly of me?! Yes, 5 working days would mean this Friday, at the earliest.
I see. I'm sorry to trouble you.
It's no trouble at all, Sir. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nothing, thanks. I again apologise for the misunderstanding, bye for now.

What can I do for you, sir?
We'd like to order breakfast for tomorrow morning.
Yes, sir. What would you like?
Orange juice, scrambled eggs, bacon, toast and coffee.
OK, and when shall I bring it here?
About seven thirty.By the way, could you also bring me tomorrow's papers?
Of course, sir.

What shall we do when we find a shortage in the shipment?
You should do one of the two things - either to lodge a claim with the shipowner or with the insurance company.
Shall we leave it to the brokers?
Yes. They usually do it. Do they charge for that?
Of course. In Europe, they charge a commission of 1 % of the amount of the claim for their service.
Is it the same in America?
They do the work without charge to the importer. It's part of their service, isn't it?
Exactly. Is it enough to claim with an on board bill of lading?
No, you must also obtain a statement from the shipping agent certifying that the goods were actually loaded on their vessel for shipment.
I see. By the way, how do we prove the ownership of our goods?
You must provide full original set of ocean bills of lading original insurance policy or certificate and the original commercia invoice.
I see. Thank you.
You are welcome.

I'll be on business for a couple of days, could you take care of your sister?
OK, Mum, when will you be back?
I'll be back in ten days.

Passport, please, madam.
Just a minute, please. It's in my bag. Here it is.
Thank you. Please fill out the Baggage Declaration Form.
All right. Shall I enter all my belongings?
No, only the articles listed on the Declaration.

I’m hungry, let’s go grab a bite to eat.
Yeah me too.
Oh?! Can we stop at the shop really fast? I lost my makeup bag at the airport and I want to pick up a few things.
Will you take long?
No?! Five minutes I promise?!
Come on?! We have been here for almost an hour?! I thought you said you were only going to get a few things?! How long does it take you to pick out a lipstick and some nail polish?!
Are you crazy? You have no idea what you are talking about?! Just for my eyes I have to get eye-liner, an eyelash curler, eye shadow, an eyebrow pencil and mascara. Then I need to get foundation, liquid foundation.
Whoa whoa whoa?! Are you nuts? How much is all this going to cost? I’m looking at the price at each one of these little things and it’s outrageous?! This is basically a crayon?!
What about you? You spend as much or more money on your razors, after shave, cologne and gel?! Not to mention how much you spend on clothes and...
Fine?! Get the stupid thirty dollar crayon?!

Can I borrow five bucks?
No?!
Come on?! I'll pay you back on Tuesday.
Last time I lent you money, you never paid me back.
I promise if you lend me five dollars today, I will repay you in full next week.
Ok, but I'm taking your skateboard as collateral.
Fine?! I can't believe you don't trust me.
It's nothing personal, just business.

May I help you, sir?
Yes, please. I'm looking for a cotton polo shirt.
Any particular colour?
Not really. How about this one?
I like the design, but don't particularly care for the colour. Do you have that in other colours, too?
Well, they come in white, pale yellow, aqua, red and green. Will a white one do?
Yes. I prefer white - and may I see a pale yellow one, too?
Why, of course. Let's see... White... Pale yellow. Here you are, sir.

I’m so surprised to meet you in this remote village. Long time no see.
Yeah. How are you these days?

You look terrific and in good shape.
Thank you. How do you keep fit?
I do yoga twice a weeks
Yoga? It sounds interesting.
It was hard at the beginning, but now feel it's really relaxing. It makes me flexible.
Anything else?
Yes, I often go swimming. Are you interested in swimming?
Yes, I like it very much.

Are you going home now?
No, I'm not. What are you going to do? Are you going to work late?
No, I'm not. I'm going to look for an apartment.
An apartment? Why?
I'm going to try to find a place near the office.
Where are you living now?
Out in the suburbs. It's a long trip to work every day.
How are you going to find an apartment?
I'm going to buy a newspaper and check the classified ads.
Apartments in the city are expensive.
I know, but I'm going to enroll in a night school to take a course in business management.

no, no, you helped me with my computer last week. I want to repay the favor.
no, it's definitely my turn to treat you... you paid last time?!
oh, that was just a quick bite to eat---that doesn't count?!
ok, ok, how about we just go Dutch?
It's settled.
Listen, I'm still pretty new around here, would it be alright if you found the restaurant?
ok... sure.

I am waiting for a fax but just now I found there’s something wrong with the fax machine.
What’s wrong with the fax machine? Is it urgent?
Yes, very urgent. And there is no other fax machine around. And the office of our boss is closed, so I can not use his machine either. And his secretary is out. Do you have any suggestion?
Either call this extension number 0085 or ask them to send the fax to you as e-mail, you print it out.

Hey, Jim. It's time to wake up and get out of bed.
Do I have to get up now?
You'd better get up, or you'll be late.
What're you talking about? My alarm even hasn't gone off yet.
Yes, it did. It went off thirty minutes ago. You slept right through it. You're like a dead person while you sleep.
I must have slept right through it.
Rise and shine?! Sleepyhead?!
Just let me sleep five more minutes.
The early bird gets the worm.
I know, I know. But I don't want any worms. Ha?! Ha?!
If you don't make an effort now, later on it'll be a lot tougher for you.

What shall we do tonight?
How about the cinema?
That's a good idea. We haven't seen a film for ages. What would you like to see?
Oh I don't know. Titanic?
Titanic? That old film? but I've seen it before?!

I’Ve been told you might have a vacant room.
Yes. I have a spare room.
How much are you asking?
10.00 dollars a night.
Could I see the room, please?
Sure.Come on in.

Sit down, please. What's wrong with you?
I feel cold, and I'm shivering. I have a terrible headache and a sore throat.
How long have you been like that?
About a day.
Let me have a look at your throat first. Please open your mouth and say " ah ".
Ah... And show me your tongue... Thank you. That'll do. You have slight tonsillitis, and your throat is inflamed. How is your appetite?
Not so good. Now, let me take your temperature. Please put this thermometer under your armpit and let me feel your pulse? Your pulse is weak.
Do I have a temperature, doctor?
Yes, you have a high fever. I'd like to give you a blood test.

Yikes?! What was that noise?
I had to blow my nose.
Did you have to blow right next to the phone? Did you hear that?
Of course I heard that. I thought a plane had crashed into your house.
It wasn't that loud.
I will blow my nose sometime for you, and you'll see.
Okay. I'll take your word for it. I thought you had an elephant in your house.
You're funny.
What did you say? I think I've gone deaf.
I'm going into the bathroom to blow my nose. I'll be right back.

Can I have the check please?
Right away, sir.
Is this amount correct?
Yes, sir, it is.
Thank you, the service was good
Please come again.

Nowadays fewer and fewer people go to the movie theaters to see films. So I am afraid that the film studios are really getting hard time to survive.
What you said is true. But the film producers there are more flexible ways to get more audience. For example, to make more movie Ccds, so people will spend money buying them. But it is true that cinemas are losing the attraction they used to have in the past.
Yes. Take myself for example. I seldom go to cinemas, but it doesn't mean I no longer see films ; instead, I see films at home-watching Ccds.

Okay, well I’m sure you have a number of questions to ask me regarding the position.
Yes, well Miss Childs did give mean overview of the position over the phone, but there were some details I’d like to clarify.
Well feel free to ask me anything, and I’ll try to fill in the details. Could I first ask about the remuneration package?
Yes, of course. That’s quite an important point, isn’t it? As a junior sub editor we offer a starting salary of 150,000 HK dollars per annum. This doesn’t include a generous housing allowance also.
I understand. And are there other bonuses included?
Well, apart from full health insurance we do offer a company staff bonus scheme linked to readership numbers. But we could go through all the details of that at a later date.
Well, Mr. Parsons, I am flexible when it comes to salary. The opportunity to work in Hong Kong for you is the most important thing for me.
Excellent. Well, what other questions do you have Rebecca?

We need to take the accounts system offline to carry out the upgrade. But don't worry, it won't cause too much inconvenience. We're going to do it over the weekend.
How long will the system be down for?
We'll be taking everything offline in about two hours' time. It'll be down for a minimum of twelve hours. If everything goes according to plan, it should be up again by 6 pm on Saturday.
That's fine. We've allowed forty-eight hours to be on the safe side.

Welcome to IBA. Can I help you?
Yes, please. I'm here for an International Settlement. Our company has to effect payment, and it needs to be done today. Here's the advice slip for the payment.
Thanks. I'm sorry to say that you need to get this stamped. There is no stamp on this slip and it is essential before I can process it for you.
I see. So, I need to stamp it. And sign it too?
Yes, that's right. Down here, at the bottom right hand corner to show that you agree to pay the printed amount.
I'll go back to the office and get it sorted and pop back later.
Thanks, bye for now.

That's the warehouse where the large items of office equipment are stored. If I ordered a desk today, how would it be before I got delivery in Scotland?
Well, I think perhaps you'd better speak to our Production Manager, Mr. Yao. You'll meet him when we go over to the factory.

Excuse me. I have just missed the connection plane due to the heavy fog in London. Can I change my ticket now?
Please Show your ticket and passport.
Here you are.
Which flight do you want to change?
The next one to my destination. I have to be there as soon as possible.

Hi, can I speak with the apartment manager, please?
Hello, this is the apartment manager speaking.
I'm calling about the apartment for rent on Main Street.
Would you be interested in seeing the apartment?
I would love to see it.
Are you free today at around 6 p. m.?
Yes, I will be able to make it then.
Well, I'll see you at 6 p. m. Do you know how to get there?
I used to live in that area.
I'll give you an application form when I see you.
That sounds good. Do I need to bring anything?
No. Just bring yourself.

Good afternoon. Welcome to China. May I see your passport, customs and health declaration form?
Yes, here you are.
Thank you. W hat's your occupation, Mr. Smith?
I'm the general manager of the Far-East Industry Corporation. You are here on business, aren't you?
Yes, I have been invited by the East Import
I see. Do you have anything to declare?
Yes, I have some foreign currency to declare.
Would you please fill out this currency declaration form? It's a record of the foreign currency you have brought in.
All right.

How much does it cost for a bus pass?
It'll be $ 65 for a monthly pass.
Is there anything cheaper than that?
If you're in school, you can get a student pass.
Well, I am how much will that cost?
The pass is free.
I don't have to pay for anything?
You'll only have to pay for the monthly sticker.
How much is the monthly sticker?
It's $ 24 for each month.
I'll take the student bus pass.
Okay, I'll get you one.

I see there are some workmen on the site. When is the building work due to start?
Well, it'll take three weeks to demolish the old building and clear away the debris. We should be ready to start the construction work in week 23.
How long will the sub contractors be on site?
About ten weeks in total if everything goes according to plan.
I'm sure it will.
So, we should be able to start moving the machinery in during week 34.
I'll confirm that date with our suppliers.

Andrew's Hair Salon, this is Andrew.
Andrew, this is Linda Chen.
Hi Linda, what can I do for you?
I need to set up an appointment to get my hair fixed.
For what day?
Tuesday morning.

Have you bought a bus pass yet?
I'm not getting one.
Why is that?
It's cheaper if I don't buy one.
Buying a bus pass will save you money. How do you figure that?
There's no limit to how often you can use your bus pass.
Really? Plus, you don't have to use change for the bus anymore.
I like that.
You want to buy one now?
I'm going to.

Are you ready to order, sir?
Yes, I would like a roast duck and my friend wants steaks.
How do you like your steaks?
I'd like it medium-well.
OK, sir, wait a minute.

Hello, I want to know how much it costs to have a manicure and pedicure.
Usually it's 60 dollars for a manicure, and 80 dollars for a pedicure. But with this special discount, the total for both is only one hundred and 20 dollars, and you can get them painted.
That's nice. I'd like to give it a try. I think I like passion red. please.
Alright.Do you want your cuticles cut, too?
No. Would you like the shapes square or round?
Square. But with round at the edges, please.
All right, it's done. Please follow me to the drying section. How long will it take to get them dry?
Ten or about five minutes. You'll be all set.
I see, thank you.

Hello, this is Lucy. May I speak to Mr. Smith?
Oh, hello, Lucy. What's up?
I'm afraid I can't come to work today, Mr. Smith.
Oh, what's wrong with you?
I've got a fever and a very sore throat.
Well, you sound ill over the phone.
Yes. I have to stay in bed today, but I'll be able to come tomorrow.
That's all right. Have a good rest until you feel well enough.
Thank you, Mr. Smith. Goodbye.
Goodbye, Lucy.

Waiter, we have been waiting for 20 minutes. Would you mind hurrying?
I am sorry, sir, the fish you ordered will take a longer time because we make it with fresh fish.
That's fine. Would you please bring me some wine?
Sure, is dry white wine OK?
Yes.
Thank you.

Hi Bob, I won't be in work tomorrow.
Why, what's the problem?
I have a dentist appointment.
Okay.

I've come about your wools. According to our market survey, wools are likely to find a ready market in our country.
Wonderful?! We can meet your requirements and the offer is ready for you. Here it is. The unit price is USD 15.00 per kilogram.
Do you quote CIF or FOB?
It's FOB Shanghai. Could you quote the price of CIF Hamburg?
Certainly, that's easy. We will work out our CIF offer this evening. Could you come again tomorrow, say, at 10 AM?
Okay, see you tomorrow?!

Hi?! Do you want a fill-up?
Yes, please. Which type of gas do you want? Regular, Super, or Premium Unleaded?
What's the price difference?
Regular is $ 1.15, Super is $ 1.25 and Premium is $ 1.39.
Just fill it up with Regular, Unleaded, please. Do you want me to check the tires and the fluids?
Yes, I would. Thanks a lot.

Is your father in the habit of having naps?
Yes, all of us have naps.
Don't you feel dizzy when you have to get up?
No, not at all.

Excuse me. I need some storybooks in easy English. Do you have anything likethat?
Well, there are a lot of storybooks upstairs in our children's section. Some are written for young children, others for teens. Maybe some of them will suit your needs.
I'll go take a look. Thanks for your help.
You're welcome.

Good morning. I need to speak with the property manager, please.
Good morning. You are speaking to the property manager.
While it was raining last night, water started leaking in from the ceiling.
Was it leaking in the bedroom?
It was in the living room.
Can you tell me which floor you are on?
We are on the bottom floor.
I would like to look at the leak. Will you be home this morning?
Yes, someone will be here to let you in.
Just in case you have to leave, we will just use the master key.

How much is your last salary?
I have earned 10,000 a year including bonuses.
How much do you want us to pay you?
I like to be paid more than that. Hopefully, 150,000 a year.
To be honest, I left the company to get more income.

I hope you can help. I've got a bit of a problem with your ATM.
Of course, that's my job. Oh, dear. What's happened?
Well, it's eaten my card?! It won't give it back?!
I see... calm down, don't worry. May I ask what were you doing when it took your card?
Yes. I was only entering my PIN. I'm terrible at remembering it, I'm so forgetful, you see.
Mmmm... and exactly how many times did you enter it, please?
Maybe three times. As I said, I always forget it.
Ah?! Don't worry ; it's just a security measure. If someone uses a card and cannot get the right PIN after three attempts, the bank keeps the card in case it's stolen. Just contact the bank and we'll get it back to you.
Oh, I see. So if I call my branch they can sort everything out for me?
Yes, they'll be happy to help. Believe me, it happens to many people.
I'd better try harder to memorise my PIN in future. Thanks.

Is this the counter to pick up parcels?
Yes, it is. I want to pick up my parcels.
Please show me your parcel order.
OK. Here you are.
Let me check your parcel number. Song Ping's parcel number should be CP 06230221 5 CN.
Here is your parcel.
Thank you.
Not at all.

Hi Brittany. What are you doing with all of your clothes on your bed?
I'm trying to decide what to wear to school the first day.
Oh, A. Mom didn't tell you?
Didn't tell me what?
What? This Bs' school you're going to is going to make your life easy.
What are you talking about brother? Spill it.
Uniforms, sis, no more worrying about appearances?!
You mean I have to wear the same thing every day?
MOM?!

What would you like for your main dish?
Steak, please.
How would you like it?
Medium rare, please.
Anything else, sir? May I have a glass of red wine, please?
Of course.

Mr. Smith, do you like the hotel we booked?
Yes, we do. We like it very much.
I've come to make sure that your stay in Beijing is a pleasant one.
Thank you so much.

David, we have been doing business for three years, haven't we?
Yes, I'm glad we've had very pleasant cooperation in the previous years.
And your achievement for promoting our clothes was great in the three years. So, I wish to apply for the sole agency of your product in our local market. If you give us the agency, that will be more substantial for our cooperation.
To be frank, you are not the only one who applies for an agent for us in your country. I'd like to know some ideas of terms on which you would be willing to operate as our agent.
As we are a well-established company, we are very familiar with the customers' needs. Besides, we can make full use of our good connections with the wholesalers and retailers here and develop a good market for your products if appointed as your agent.
Sounds reasonable. I will tell my boss about you agent application. Another question, what do you think is the minimum annual sales you can guarantee?
To be on the safe side, and for garment of all materials, sizes, and styles, I think the amount will be 50,000 pieces a year.
Well. As our sole agency, you will neither handle the same or similar products of other origins nor re-export our goods to any other area outside your own.
No, certainly not.

Excuse me. I bought this circulator here yesterday but it doesn't work.
Oh, let's see what's wrong.

Where can I find the produce?
Aisle A is where you'll find all the produce.
What sales do they have today?
I'm sure something is on sale. Please check with the produce person.

Hello, this is Steven from Blue Sky Co. May I speak to Mr. James?
Speaking.
Excuse my troubling you. You purchased our products last year and now I am following up to find out about their workings. Are they still in good condition now?
Yeah, exactly?! I bought them last year. En... at present, they are still in good state.
That's it?! All of them have first-class quality and performance. Besides, we adopt advanced technology. Now we have developed new products. They are much better than what you have bought.
Your company is developing so fast. Maybe later on I will plan to buy more.
That's great?! Thanks for your support. If any, please remember to call us.
I am afraid I have to say goodbye now?!
Bye, Mr. James?!
Bye?!

Ms.Dawson, I need you to take a dictation for me.
Yes, sir... This should go out as an intra-office memorandum to all employees by this afternoon.Are you ready?
Yes, sir.Go ahead.
Attention all staff... Effective immediately, all office communications are restricted to email correspondence and official memos.The use of Instant Message programs by employees during working hours is strictly prohibited.
Sir, does this apply to intra-office communications only? Or will it also restrict external communications?
It should apply to all communications, not only in this office between employees, but also any outside communications.
But sir, many employees use Instant Messaging to communicate with their clients.
They will just have to change their communication methods. I don't want any - one using Instant Messaging in this office.It wastes too much time?! Now, please continue with the memo.Where were we?
This applies to internal and external communications.
Yes.Any employee who persists in using Instant Messaging will first receive a warning and be placed on probation.At second offense, the employee will face termination.Any questions regarding this new policy may be directed to department heads. Is that all?
Yes.Please get this memo typed up and distributed to all employees before 4 pm.

Do you have everything?
Let's see... my ID card, my passport, and my suitcase. I'm pretty sure I've got everything.

This is Dunlin. Is this Mrs Smith speaking?
Yes, what can I do for you?
I just want to call and say thank you for letting me interview yesterday.
You are welcome, Mr. Sun.
And I also want to know what the status is of the position.
Sorry, we haven't made the decision at all. But we should be making the decision by the end of this week. And we'll get in touch with you once we make it.
Do you have any questions we didn't cover in the interview?
No. Thank you, I am looking forward to hearing from you. Bye-bye.
Thank you for the calling. Bye-bye.

I often sneeze after having a bad itch inside my nose. Sometimes this is accompanied by an itching throat.
Any other discomfort?
Yes. Sometimes I can notice a constriction in the chest and shortness of breath after a fit of sneezing. And I often suffer from a running nose with a profuse watery discharge.
Does it occur seasonally or all year round?
It has been seasonal during these past three years.
Are you sensitive to other things?
Yes, things like seafood and penicillin-type drugs.
OK. Let me examine your nose. According to your case history and the examination, I believe that it's allergic rhinitis.
What useful treatment can you offer?
I'll give you a series of specific skin tests. Then we'll know exactly what substances you're allergic to. Then I'll give you some causes of desensitization therapy.

Miss, would you like to try this free sample of our new suntan cream?
Sure, why not?
This is a new product of company this year. It's oil-free.
I see. It feels very light on the skin.
It gives your skin a very natural healthy look. I like the cool smell, too.

So how can I make it?
First you make a list of what you wanna buy...
But I’Ve gotta have the budge before anything else.
Well, that’s a problem, isn’t it?

Did you have a part-time job when you were still in school?
No, I was way too busy studying all the time. How about you?
Yeah, I worked about twenty hours a week in a pizza restaurant.
What was that like?
It was always very busy there. What did you do?
I stood behind the register and took pizza orders.
Did you get any perks on the job?
Yeah, I got to eat as much pizza as I could for free.

Okay. I'd like to change some euro into US dollars, please.
Sure. How much would you like to change?
Six hundred euro.
Very good. May I see your passport?
Here you are.
How would you like your bills?
In fifties please.

Why are you reading the classifieds? What do you need?
I'm looking for a bookcase, but I don't want to buy a new one.
Are you having any luck?
Not really. There aren't any used bookcases listed. But there are a few rummage sales on Saturday. I think I'll go to them.
Do you mind if I go with you?
Not at all. These private sales are great places to bargain. And sometimes you can find terrific things among all the junk.
I learned to negotiate from my mother. I thought I was pretty good at bargaining, but I had a problem the other day at Kimble's Department Store.
What happened?
I wanted to buy a beautiful wool sweater for my girlfriend. It was priced at forty dollars, so I started by offering the salesclerk thirty.

Do you do a lot of your shopping online?
Not really. I like looking on the internet at what’s available, but I usually prefer to actually see and touch what I’m buying before I pay for it. Sometimes, I’ll look at something in a shop, but lat No. I’m a little worried about security. You never know who’s trying to find out your codes and passwords. Aren’t you worry about that?
Not really. I know that it happens, but if you buy from reputable companies with secure websites, you should be ok.
Even though I use online shopping facilities, I don’t think it’s the best way to sho
I’m surprised to hear you say that. I thought you loved anything technological.
I do. I’m a big fan of using new technology, but I don’t want to sit in front of a computer screen all day. I think people need to get out and interact with other people. So, how about coming to the department store with me? I want to see if there are any new summer clothes on sale yet.
Sure. I’d love to join you. Can we stop by the computer store? I just want to see if they have something.
Sure. While you’re in the computer store. I will visit the book store opposite. I like to browse through their books and see if they have anything interesting.
Ok. I’Ve finished online. Let’s go.
I’ll just get some money and my credit card.
Thanks for reminding me. I had forgotten to get mine.

Please help yourself at your dishes. I hope you’ll enjoy what you’Ve got.
It suits my taste. You are really a good cook.
Would you like to try my special recipe?
Wow, let me try. It tastes nice.
How did you make it?
It’s as easy as pie. I always follow recipes.

Mr. Dick. Does the recommendation of the university play an important role?
Yes. In fact, the recommendation letter written by the university is an indirect self-recommendation. In the long period of cooperation, the university has established good relationship with the companies or organizations, they trust each other well. If your university recommends you, you can be approved more easily.
But I find that most of the recommendation letters written by universities are the same. So I doubt its authority.
More and more persons have the same discoveries since most universities do that in order to save energy. If your university also does like this, you can look for other methods, because such kinds of recommendations say nothing for you. Could you tell me whether or not I send out my resume with it?
It depends. If it has something special or useful, I suggest you send it out.

Taylor, can you tell me how to apply for a job on the Internet?
Just fill out an application. Do I have to send an E-mail?
You are expected to know the E-mail address of the unit.
But I still don't know which unit is in need of staff. Send out an application through Job-wanted on the website.
Can any unit see my information?
It's a two-way choice. And your application will be read.
Which websites offer this service?
Sina, 21st Century Talent Net, and a few others.
Thank you.

Don’t throw your weight around. I can’t bear you any more.
I dare you to say that again.

Were you a leader when you were in college?
Yes. I was Propaganda department minister of our university.
Did you get any honors or awards at your university?
No. It’s a pity about it.
Were you involved in any club activities at your university?
Yes. I was a member of the basketball Society. I like playing basketball.
What extracurricular activities did you usually take part in at your college?
I sometimes played basketball and sometimes played football.

You want to argue your ticket today?
Yes. That is why I'm here.
Tell me your argument.
I was pulled over for allegedly speeding.
Are you sure you weren't speeding?
To be honest, I really wasn't.
What speed were you going?
I was under the speed limit. I was going 35, when the speed limit was 40.
I'm just going to let you go, since the arresting officer isn't here.
What about my ticket? Do I still need to pay?
Don't worry about it.
I'm so glad for your help.

Annie, do you like shopping online?
Yes, I like it, because it's convenient. Last week, I tried to buy a new cellphone online, but I didn't know how to pay for it.
First, you should open an account at the online bank. After that, you can buy anything you want online.
Are there many things online?
Sure. You can find everything all over the world. Let's check it out online?!
( They log in a shopping website. ) That's amazing. Oh, an on line virtual supermarket? Let's click to check it out. Oh, I got it. It simulates the real supermarket, which makes it feel so real.
Mom will love it. She loves shopping in supermarkets.

Ah, Bob. Just the person I wanted to see.
So what is it?
You gotta help me out this time, buddy.
Another tough thing, I guess.

Hey?! What happened??! My song was only half way through and it skipped to the next song.
I don't know what happened?! You cancelled the song, didn't you, Jack?
No, I didn't.
Really?! Then, is the machine broken or...

Good evening, Do you have a reservation?
Yes. The reservation under Mr. Watson.
Ah, yes, a table for four at 8 Em, no, thanks. I think we'll go straight to the table, By the way. may I check my overcoat here?
Certainly, sir. We'll keep it in the cloakroom for you. Here is your number. When you leave, show it to the waiter behind the counter, please.
Thank you. Could you show us to our table now? Would you please follow me, please?
Thank you. This is your table. It's Number 10.

Hello, ma’am. Can I help you? I’m looking for a sweater.
What size are you looking for?
Well, I’m looking for size 10 but you don’t have it.
How about this one? I think it looks terrific on you.
Yes, I like the color. Can I try it on?
Sure. The fitting room is on your right.
It fits well. I like it a lot. What do you think?
You look pretty in red.
Oh, it’s my favorite. How much is it?
$ 29.99.
Okay. I’ll take it. Thank you very much for your help.
You’re welcome.

Do you have any cars available?
We have only one mid-size car left.
Great, what's the rate per day?
It's 40 $ plus tax per day on limited mileage.
I'm going to need it for three days. Can I see your driver's license?
Sure, here is my driver's license.
Please sign here.

Are you ready to order? I think that we have a pretty good idea of what we would like to order.
Let me tell you about the specials of the day, which are chicken in a wine sauce with capers, and grilled garlic shrimp.
I was wondering if the chef could leave off the sauce.
The chef would be happy to accommodate your special requests.
I am a vegetarian. Do you have any vegetarian selections?
You could choose the roasted vegetable and garlic pizza or the goat cheese and candied walnut salad.
I think that we will split the roasted vegetable and garlic pizza.
That is a good selection, and I can bring your salads now or serve them with your entree.
You can bring us our salads when you bring us our entree.

I can't open this email attachment our Paris office has sent me. Are you sure you're using the right program?
Well, yes it's definitely the same program but I might have the wrong version. Their system is newer than ours.
That's why you can't open it. You'll have to upgrade before you can read the file.

What kind of character do you think you have?
Generally speaking, l am an open-minded person.
What is your strongest trait?
Cheerfulness and friendliness.
How would your friends or colleagues describe you?
They say Mr. Sun is a friendly, sensitive, caring and determined person.
What personality do you admire?
I admire a person who is honest, flexible and easy-going.
How do you get along with others?
I get on well with others.

Hi, I need to make an appointment to see the doctor.
What seems to be the problem?
I have a rash that I need a doctor to look at.
Do you have a fever with that rash?
No, it just itches a lot.
I have openings on Tuesday or Wednesday. Which would be best for you?
I need an appointment on Tuesday.
Fine, I am putting you down for 9
I would like to see Dr. Jones.
I can schedule you with him with no problem.
We look forward to seeing you.

Wow?! What's the hold up?
It’s probably just people trying to get an early start out of the city for the weekend. Nobody sticks around in the summer.
Really? Then, I guess I won’t have a hard time finding a room or getting a cab?
Actually, you might because there’s a big convention in town this weekend.
I’m not too worried about it. I always seem to find something.

Hello, how can I help you today?
I'd like to withdraw some money from my account.
Please fill out this slip stating how much you wish to withdraw.
Well, actually, it's quite a substantial amount. Here's my Bank Book. Will that cause a problem?
On your account there is no limit to over the counter withdrawals, it won't cause a problem.
Here's your money, 10,000 RIB. Please count it before you leave.
Yes, that seems to be all in order. Thanks very much.

Quality is very important to us. We work to very low tolerance levels. We need to have guaranteed supplies of consistently high quality raw materials. Over the years we've built up very good relationships with our suppliers.
Do you have many different suppliers?
Yes. There are about fifty names on our approved supplier list, but for raw materials we tend to deal with three local companies.

Mary, can you tell me how you keep in shape?
You'll never be in shape until you eat less and take more exercise. Now, tell me what you often eat.
I often eat fish and eggs. Do you eat a lot of vegetables?
Oh yes, and fruits. I love fruits very much.
What do you like to drink?
Well, I never drink alcohol, coffee or tea. Whatever would you like to drink?
I drink a lot of milk. I drink milk almost every day. How often do you exercise?
Well, I walk every day. It's a good diet and a regular exercise.
Yes, quite right.

I am sorry, but I cannot stay for the rest of class today.
Why do you need to leave early?
I don’t feel so good. What doesn’t feel right?
I feel as if I am going to be sick to my stomach.
Perhaps you should get checked out at the Student Health Center before you go home.
I have some medicine at home that I could take.
Are you going to be OK to drive home, or would you like someone to go with you?
Thank you, but my friend is in the library, and he can give me a ride home.
We hope that you are feeling better soon. E-mail me if you have any questions.

Your boyfriend is so considerate to you. When do you plan to marry?
It’s still up in the air. There is something wrong between us.

We're considering of ordering 200 computers, but I'm wondering about the price you'll possibly offer.
Our price will be not less than $ 5000.
Your price is higher than I expected. Could you give us a little discount?
This is already our best price. But the price is always negotiable and you should consider our quantity of order.
Well, what would you suggest? Could you make it $ 4500?
I'm afraid that there is no room to negotiate the price. This is the best price we can quote.
Can we meet each other half way?
What do you mean? Let's close the deal at $ 4800, OK?
You drive a hard bargain?! OK, that's a deal.

I'm now on the Songshan airport getting ready for departure. I realized that I might have left my watch.
Yes, Ma'am. May I have your name and room number?
My name is Terry. I stayed last night in your hotel in room 132. What kind of watch is it?
It's a brand-new Seiko wrist watch.
Yes, we have it.
Oh, I'm glad to hear that. Would you kindly send it to the Hilton Hotel?

What are your thoughts on the apartment?
I think that it’s absolutely gorgeous.
There aren’t any problems with the apartment?
I think that the apartment looks very nice, but I do see some problems.
What problems?
I did notice a few stains in the carpet.
We will have the carpet cleaned before you move in.
You will?
Yes, but other than that, are there any more problems?
That was the only thing that I saw that was wrong with the apartment.
I’m happy that you find this apartment so appealing.
It is. I love it.

That China-gown of Tang-Dynasty style is so beautiful. Would you show it to me, please?
Absolutely. Here it is.
Could I try it on?
Please do, the fitting-room is over there.
It feels a little tight around the waist. Do you have a bigger one?
I'm sorry. We don't have this color in your size. We have some green ones in your size. Would you please have a look at this green one?
OK. How much does it cost?
It's 486 yuan.
Mmm, it is reasonable.

Mrs. Wang, would you give us an idea of the price you regard as workable?
As I said before, your price is so high that we find it difficult to make a bid. We hope you will take the initiative and bridge the gap.
Just to comply, we're ready to reduce the price by 5 percent. I hope this concession of ours will get the ball rolling.
So do we. Certainly it's a step forward on your side. But the gap is still too wide.
The ball is in your court, Mrs.Wang. What price would you suggest?
To make your offer workable, I think you should take another step down as big as the one you've just taken.
That won't do. You see, our profit margin is very narrow. It simply can't stand such a big cut.
I hate to disappoint you, Mr. Brown, but if that's the case, we have no alternative but to cover our requirements elsewhere.
Do think it over, please. We sincerely hope our discussion will come to a successful conclusion.
Well, I'm not authorized to agree to such a big reduction. Would you mind waiting a day or two, until I get a reply from the home office?
Not at all. Shall we meet again, say, on Friday morning?
Good. Friday morning at 9.

Good morning. Good morning.This is Mary.Can I speak to Anne please?
I’m sorry She isn’t in at the moment. She will come back at half past nineCan I take a message for her?
Thank you.But I will call her later
OK.Goodbye.
Goodbye.

Hi, Jane. How are you doing this morning?
I’m all right, thanks. Just a little tired.
Late night?
Yeah, I got home around two.

We've been waiting here for nearly ten minutes now, and there still isn't a bus in sight. I'm afraid we'll be late for the party. Have you got the time, Tom?
Yes, my watch says a quarter to seven. but there is something wrong with my watch?!
But you bought it only last month.
Yes, but ever since I bought it, it gains about five minutes a day, so I' Ve got to have it repaired.
How long will it take us to get there?
I think about ten minutes by bus.
It's not far away, then. Let's walk, it's beginning to rain.
Wait?! I think I see a bus coming now.
Let's hope it's the No. 22 bus.

Hi, Mr. Smith. I'm Doctor Hawkins. Why are you here today?
I found it would be a good idea to get a check-up.
Yes, well, you haven't had one for 5 years. You should have one every year.
I know. I figure as long as there is nothing wrong, why go see the doctor?
Well, the best way to avoid serious illnesses is to find out about them early. So try to come at least once a year for your own good.
Ok. Let me see here. Your eyes and ears look fine. Take a deep breath, please. Do you smoke, Mr. Smith?
Yes.
Smoking is the leading cause of lung cancer and heart disease, you know. You really should quit.
I've tried hundreds of times, but I just can't seem to kick the habit.
Well, we have classes and some medications that might help. I'll give you more information before you leave.
Ok, thanks doctor.

Good afternoon. Mr. Tylor's office?
I'm afraid you've got the wrong extension.
I'm sorry, but could you please transfer this call to Mr. Tylor's office?
Sure, please hold on.
Thank you. Now Mr. Tylor's on the line. Go ahead, please.
You are so kind, you helped me a lot.
You are welcome. Bye?!

Good afternoon, Lexington Software. Angelina Dawson, how can I help?
Hello, this is Quinn from IBA.
Ah, hello Quinn. Oh dear, you are calling to tell me there is a problem, aren't you?
I'm afraid so, yes.
Hmm... well, it was my first attempt?! Is it a very big mistake, or can we just alter it?
Unfortunately it's rather a big mistake.
What do you recommend we do?
I would recommend we scrap this one and you bring in another set as soon as possible.
I trust your judgement. Thank you, Quinn. I'll be back tomorrow with a new set. Bye for now.

Oh?!?!?! I have a horrible toothache.
You should go to the dentist.
I hate dentists.
Well, suffer then. If you have a toothache, you have to go to the dentist. It always hurts.
I hate going.
Stop being such a baby. If it really hurts that much, just let them knock you out.
O. K., O. K., I’ll go.
Good. You'll feel better after you do.

Hi, I would like to purchase a one way ticket to Brussels, please.
Certainly sir, this is our train schedule. We have an express train departing every morning and an overnight train that departs at nine pm.
How long does it take to get there?
About twelve hours. We currently have tickets available only for first class on the express train. If you’d like, you can choose a sleeper on the overnight train which is a bit less expensive.
Yeah, I think that is the best option. Do you serve food on the train? Twelve hours is such a long time?!
Yes, of course. There is a dining car towards the front of the train where they serve meals at all times. We do provide complimentary water and coffee for all of our passengers.
Great?! I’ll take it. Here you are sir. Your train leaves from platform number nine at nine on the dot. Remember to be here at least thirty minutes before your scheduled departure time or else you might miss your train?!
I understand. Thank you very much?! Have a great trip.

I would like to take a trip to the beach this weekend.
A trip to the beach would be fun. How is the weather going to be?
The forecast says that it will be warm on the weekend.
So do you think it'll be perfect weather for the beach?
It sounds like it will be. I really hope it doesn't get cold. That would ruin things, I want to go so badly.
The weather in California is unpredictable, so you never know.
That is true. The weather is constantly changing. It would be nice if the weather would never change.
That would be great, then we could plan things sooner. True.
Predictable weather would make life easier.

Some companies use to ban dating among employees, but now they have realized it is something in avertable. People spend so much time at work. It is not surprising for one to have a crash on the other. If we think positively, office love can be beneficial to company.
Beneficial? I don’t think so. If two employees get married, they will leave at the same time for a honeymoon, or later one of them will stay at home taking care of babies. If they break up, the company will probably have to relocate one of them to make the workplace more comfortable. By any means, the company must spare extra efforts to solve problems brought by an office dating.
But if two employees are in love, they will be happy. Happy people are more productive. If they develop an intimate relation with each other, they are willing to share knowledge and experience. It can help to improve work efficiency.
I doubt that.

Do you eat a lot of healthy food?
Compared with healthy food, unhealthy food just tastes so much better. And anyway, I believe if you live a low stress Life and are active, you can get away with eating whatever you like. It's all in the mind.
You have the point. I think cancer is caused by more worry than by the things we consume. Some good things you should try are cranberry juice, wild rice and yoghurt.
What's special about these things?
Cranberry juice is very good for destroying harmful bacteria in your guts because it's very acidic. Wild rice is high in fibre so it's good for your guts and it's high in protein and minerals-I think it's also tastier than normal rice. Yoghurt's good because it's also rich in protein, vitamins and is also acidic. People have been making yoghurt for thousands of years and if you have it every day, your guts will be much more settled.
Thanks. I'm going to follow your advice and pop down to the supermarket right now.

I've been so tired recently. I've been trying, but I don't think I'm up to this job.
You need to take a break, maybe a vacation. Oh, yes, indeed. I've run out of steam.
To be honest, I want to be in a different environment.
Is that so?
Yes, I don't want to be stuck in a rut. I want to move on.
Have you decided?
Yes. I want to get a better job.
Could you tell me why you want to quit?
I quit just because of the dissatisfying salary and the trouble in getting along with my colleagues.
Oh, that's terrible. Do you want to get a higher salary in our company?
I'm afraid not. I've promised my girlfriend. We'll travel southwards to find a job that offers higher pay.
OK, I'd like to say that I've really enjoyed working with you. However, I think you should work harder for your new job and then you can ask for higher pay.
Thank you so much for your advice. And every best wish for your new job.
Thank you.

The train is leaving. Hurry up?! Which car are we in?
Let me see. Oh, No. 11. Here we are, Car 11. Let's get in.
Seats No. 20 and 21. It’s nice that we’Ve got a window seat.
Let's put our suitcases on the rack.
Oh, the baggage rack is full. Put them under the seat for the time being.
All right.

So, how should we get to the theatre? Let's take the bus.
I hate the bus system in London?! The bus drivers are rude, the buses are never on time, and there are few people around who can help you.
It's not that bad. You probably just had a bad experience once.
It wasn't just once. Every single time I take the bus, something bad happens to me or to someone else on the bus.
We could take the subway, but we'd have to go three stops along one line and then change trains twice. Train fares are twice as expensive as the bus fare, too.
If we don't hurry up, we'll miss the show. Should we take the bus?
We're already late, so I think we had better take a taxi.
I don't think we'll be able to find a taxi very easily during hush hours. Let's just take the bus.
Fine. Have a look at the timetable to find out when the next one arrives.
It looks like it should be here in just a few minutes. don't worry. Nothing bad will happen. I'll even buy your ticket for you.
Thanks, that was nice of you.
See, now something good has happened to you on a bus trip?!

Let's go over this plan again. From Vancouver, we bike along the border all the way to Winnipeg. And that is mostly flat, right?
Relatively, once we're out of Alberta, anyway. Then it's hills again in Aitoba.
And from Winnipeg we go around the lakes through Toronto, right?
That's right. And up in to Quebec. And that's where we stop.
It doesn't sound like that much when we go over the plan but that's a long, long ride. Are you ready for the cross country of a lifetime?

Good morning, sir. What can I do for you?
I'm Bill. I'm in Room 908. Can you change the room for me? It's too noisy. My wife was woken up several times by the noise the baggage elevator made. She said it was too much for her.
I'm awfully sorry, sir. I do apologize. Room 908 is at the end of the corridor. It's possible that the noise is heard early in the morning when all is quiet.
Anyhow, I'd like to change our room.
No problem, sir. We'll manage it, but we don't have any spare room today. Could you wait till tomorrow? The American People-to-people Education Delegation will be leaving tomorrow morning. There'll be some rooms for you to choose from.
All right. I hope we'll be able to enjoy our stay in a quiet suite tomorrow evening and have a sound sleep.
Be sure. I'll make a note of that. Everything will be taken care of. And if there is anything more you need, please let us know.

It's time for bed.
I'm not ready to go to sleep. I'm not tired.
It's quite late, and you have an early day tomorrow.
I'm not going to be able to fall asleep.
Why don't you try counting sheep?
I've tried that before. It really doesn't work.
That's beside the point, you still need to go to bed.
Why can't I just stay up until I fall asleep?
If I let you do that, then you're just going to be up all night.
I promise I'll go to sleep soon.
No, you're going to sleep now, so good night.
See you in the morning.

I see myself as being honest, diligent, persevering and creative. And I have a strong sense of responsibility.
How about your psychological resilience?
I think I can work well under pressure, if necessary.
How would you deal with those who are not easy to get along with?
I will just be sincere and friendly to others, and I believe they will treat me the same way.
You seem to be a kind-hearted lady.
Thank you. I simply believe the goodness of human nature.
Please tell me your weaknesses if you can.
I should admit that sometimes I care too much about the details. I am always in pursuit of perfection.

Karen? I need to go over a few things with you.
Certainly. Mr. Graham. When would you like to meet?
I was thinking about this afternoon, after the sales meeting.
Fine. At 3:30?

I believe we' Ve met before. My name's David.
Yes, at your company, I think. I'm Frank.
Oh, I remember now.Very nice to meet you again.
Nice meeting you, too.

I made my little brother cry.
Shame on you?!

I need some mascara. Do you have good thickening mascara?
Of course. Here is our thickening mascara. We also have mascara designed to lengthen the eyelashes.
Alright. And I want to consider your eye shadow too. Do you have a color chart can look at?
We have a very wide selection of colors. And our eye shadow is specially designed to moisturize the skin. So it is very gentle on your eyelids. Would you like to sample some?
Oh, sure I will need to clean off my own eye shadow first.
I can help you with that.
Thank you.

Is this the baggage claim area for flight KB256?
Yes, we are on the same plane.
But I am a transfer passenger. I have a connecting flight to Miami.
So you have to bring your baggage to the transfer check-in area.
Yes.It' s quite troublesome. Why not go and find a porter?

Billy, you don’t look too well. Maybe you should take the day off school.
But Mom?! Today we’re playing football?! I love football?!
You’Ve got a fever and playing football isn’t a good idea for a boy with a fever.
What’s that on your arm?
I don’t know. It was there when I woke up this morning.
It’s rash. I’d better take you to see the doctor.
How did you get that bruise on your leg?
I bashed it against the chair in my room.
Does it hurt?
A little, but not much. Here. Put this wet towel on your face to keep your temperature down. I’ll take you to the doctor’s after breakfast.
If I’m better this afternoon, can I go to school?
If you are better, but I doubt you will be.

This is your schedule.
You're going out of your way for us, I believe.
You are our honored guests.

Are there any vacancies still available?
Yes. We need a plumber here.
I am looking for a job that is more advanced than that, such as sales manager or regional manager.
I am sorry. They are not available now.

My name is Mary, and I will be your waitress tonight.
Thank you, Mary. We have been looking forward to trying out this restaurant.
Before your main course, would you like to order an appetizer?
Sure, that sounds great. Where are your appetizers listed?
There is a special appetizer menu right here in the center of the table.
The chicken and cheese quesadilla looks good. Is that pretty good?
You know, that is one of my favorites?!
OK, I'll take one order of that.
You could choose another appetizer for half price to share.
Perfect?! Please add on an order of onion rings.

I am waiting for a fax but just now I found there's something wrong with the fax machine.
What's wrong with the fax machine? Is it urgent?
Yes, very urgent. And there is no other fax machine around. And the office of our boss is closed, so I can not use his machine either. And his secretary is out. Do you have any suggestion?
Either call this extension number 0085 or ask them to send the fax to you as e-mail, you print it out.

I would like to speak to you, if you don’t mind.
What would you like to speak to me about?
I would like to talk to you about this year’s election.
Is that right? I am a volunteer for this year’s campaign.
That’s wonderful. I am impressed at someone so young taking a stand. I know history is about to be made, and I would like to be a part of it.
That’s fantastic. Are you planning on voting?
I’m going to vote. Go to your polling place early on Election Day.
I will.
Good luck with your volunteering.

We hope that there will be no repetition of this kind of trouble in the future.
Yes. I promise it will not happen again.
We look forward to your settlement at an early date.
We will inform you as soon as possible.

Hello, Steven. How do you get along with your job?
Actually, I learn many things from it. I find that I am a quick learner in new things.
Practice makes perfect. By the way, what do you learn from your job?
At first I didn't know anything about the machine. Now I know how to operate it. Besides, the work gives me a sense of fulfillment and achievement.
Yeah, you are a good learner. I must commend you for your good performance.
Thank you. That's a long way to go for my job.
I appreciate your effort very much. The coffee break is over ; it's about time we set to work.
OK, let's go.

Where on earth are we?
Judging by all the traffic, I'd say we're near the outskirts of the city.
What did I do wrong? Did I take a wrong turn?
I'm not sure, but I think you turned right when you should have turned left on the flyover bridge.
Well, now we should turn back a few kilometres. It seems that the traffic sign is much more important than the map.

Hello. Front desk.
Yes. This is Bob Robinson. I’m calling from room number 627.
Hi, Bob. What can I do for you? Is it possible to change to another room?
Could you please tell me why? My room is facing the swimming pool. It’s noisy for me. I have a problem sleeping. And I feel uncomfortable when I take an elevator.
So you need a quiet side room on the lower floor.
You’re right. Okay. Let me check for a room on the first floor.
Thank you.
I’Ve only two rooms on the first floor. How about room 108?
That’s fine. Can I move now?
Sure. I’ll send the bellman to help you.
Oh, thank you kindly.
You’re welcome.

How long will it take for our order to be delivered?
Let's see. You are importing fifty containers of textiles from China. They should be able to place your order before the end of next week. It will take 2 days for shipping to the port city of Ningpo. The freight will take 3 weeks on the open ocean and will arrive in Los Angeles approximately a month from today. Domestic shipping will be your responsibility, you can make arrangements with the pier in Los Angeles.
Fine, we will handle domestic shipping, but what about customs? Will we have to pay tariff on our imports?
I hope we don't run into any problems with the border control.
No, the Chinese company has that all worked out. With the paperwork you receive with the shipment, you should be good to go.

Now you're my boss, Mr. Henry. Do you have any other particular conditions that you would like the company to take into consideration?
No, nothing in particular. You may ask questions about us, if you have any.
All right. When can I start?

What are you doing here today?
I would like to fight my ticket.
Is the arresting officer in the courtroom today?
Yes, the officer is here today. What's your case?
I was pulled over for running a red light, but I never did.
Do you believe that the officer lied?
There was a camera on the signal. So, he was obviously lying.
Your license plate was caught on camera?
A picture of my license plate was never taken.
Since there is no picture of your license plate on record, I'm going to let you go.
Thank you. I'm glad that you believe me.

Hey Joe, what are you doing in this department store?
Hi, Rita, I'm just looking for a pair of shoes. I won't be here for long.
Why not? When I go shoe shopping, I have so many options for sneakers that I spend awhile looking at all of the choices.
That's my problem. I don't have a lot of options. What do you mean?
This is a big store, isn't it?
Yes, but I have unusually big feet. That wouldn't be too much of a problem except that they're also very wide, and only a few brands sell shoes that I can fit into.
So how do you usually go about buying shoes, then?
Well, first of all, I can only go to certain stores that can guarantee me a large selection.
Well, you're in the right store. If they don't have it, no one will.
After that I choose something from one of the few brands that I know will fit me. I prefer white, so I ask them to bring me a pair of white sneakers in my size. Since I’m usually only given one or two pairs of shoes that meet my qualifications, it makes it a very easy choice.

what shall we do after the volleyball match?
how about going to the Olympic souvenir store to have a look? I remember there is one in the gym.
that's a good idea. I was thinking of buying some gifts for my family. me, too.
What did you have in mind?
I haven't decided yet, but I think the Olympic Mascots are a must.
I agree. They're very lovely, especially " Huan Huan ".
is that the red one? That is my favorite, too. Do you know how much they are?
the five dolls are sold together as a set, and they're priced according to the size. The bigger they are the more expensive.
oh, I see. If I buy more than a set, can I get any discount?
I don't think so. All the souvenirs of the Olympic Games are very hot right now.
any other ideas?
there are lots of things, such as postcards, key chains, posters and various arts and crafts.
it all sounds great. We can go there after the match. I can't wait to see what they have.

Mom?! I hate eating vegetables?!
You don’t have to eat them. I don’t mind.
Thanks mom?! Can I have dessert now? I love chocolate cake?!
No dessert for you unless you eat all your vegetables.
But I don’t like them?! It’s not fair?!
You can have some fruit for dessert. If you eat an apple and a banana, I might let you have a small piece of chocolate cake.
Ok... actually, I don’t mind eating peas and carrots, buy I hate broccoli and cauliflower.
I’ll remember that for next time. You’ll get extra peas and carrots, buy no broccoli or cauliflower. OK?
Thanks mom?!

It was very kind of you to give me a tour of the place. It gave me a good idea of your product range.
It’s a pleasure to show our factory to our customers. What’s your general impression, may I ask?
Very impressive, indeed, especially the speed of your NW Model. That’s our latest development. A product with high performance.
We put it on the market just two months ago. The machine gives you an edge over your competitors, I guess.
Certainly. No one can match us as far as speed is concerned.
Could you give me some brochures for that machine? And the price if possible.
Right. Here is our sales catalog and literature.
Thank you. I think we may be able to work together in the future.

Is the factory fully-automated?
Not completely. Our production process is partially-automated. We use robots on the production line for routine assembly jobs but some of the work is still done manually.
What about supply of parts to the production line?
Well, the parts are automatically selected from the store room using a bar-code system. And there is an automatic feeder which takes them to the conveyor belt at the start of the production line.
What about the smaller components?
They're transported to the workstations on automated vehicles - robot trucks - which run on guide rails around the factory.

I'm glad you're on your ten-year reunion planning committee.
Yeah, you get the TV to yourself while I spend my nights surfing the Net for missing classmates. That's not why. This way I can see how you guys do this sort of thing.
I guess. Don't you have reunions in Taiwan?
Definitely. Every year. But just for our forty-person class. Ours are for everyone that graduated in the same year.

What does your job involve?
I'm the Project Manager so I have to make sure our projects run smoothly. I work with three Project Engineers. They take care of after-sales service and look after the maintenance side of the business.

How many languages can you speak?
Besides Chinese, I can speak English and French. You mean you can read and write both of them?
No, I can only carry on a simple conversation in French.
Can you read and write English well?
I can speak the language better than read and write.
Do you speak the language well enough to communicate with people of English-speaking countries?
I think so. I used to be an interpreter. Do you think your English is good enough to do desk work?
The amount of English I know enables me to do general desk work. I believe what I know is sufficient to work in an American firm.

What can I get for you? Here is the menu.
Let me have a look. Well, how many kinds of steaks do you have?
We have sirloin steaks, pepper steak, and filet steak.
Is there something go with the filet steak?
Yes, we have various sauces.
What about the gravy?

Are you ready to order?
Just a minute. I need to make a list of thinks that we need.
Good idea. Have you written down potatoes, carrots, and onions?
I don’t have onions on my list. I’ll add them. We should get some tea. Is green tea ok or should we get the same tea that we usually get?
Let’s get both. We need some coffee too. Is that on your list?
Yes, it is. Here’s my list. Is there anything that I’Ve forgotten?
I think you’Ve got everything. I want to got some chocolate and some cheese.
What kind of cheese do you want.
I’m not sure. I’ll decide at the cheese counter, when I can see what they have.
Have we got enough money?
We don’t have enough cash, so I’ll take my credit card and we can pay with that.
Where are the car keys?
I’Ve got them there. Shall I drive?

Hello, can you tell me how to use the telephone?
If you want to order meals, call 8801.If you need other help, call 8803 and someone will be there.
Thank you so much. By the way, is there a mail service?
Yes, you can take your letters to the counter over there.

I am afraid that the fax machine in my room won’t be working till tomorrow. A technician has just come and checked it. He will bring me a new one tomorrow. It seems there is a big problem with mine and it will take some days for repairing. Can I use the one in your office?
Of course you can. I am sure this one works very well. I just sent dozens of pages. How many pages are you sending? Are you familiar with my fax machine?
Yes, I think you have the same model as I have.
Does your fax machine print out immediately a transmission protocol?
Yes, it will print immediately.

How many years have you done business with China?
Let me see, about five years, we established our business relationship with Hua Mei of China Import & Export Corporation in 2003.
Do you have any difficulties in doing business in China? You know the Chinese economic legislation is still incomplete?
I don't think I have any problem with our Chinese partners. They have always followed the contract strictly. We can do business directly with the corporation. As I mentioned before, the Chinese government is trying very hard to perfect its law. Its commercial legislation provides legal protection for foreign companies.
Well, it's known that the Sino-American relation is in a dilemma. Does it influence your business in China?
Actually not at present. But we are afraid it will. You know policies influence business to some extent.
I hope our government will not be influenced by some extremists. China is really a large market. We don't want to lose it.
Thank you.
You're welcome.

Give me a pack of first-class stamps, please.
Here you are. That will be five dollars. Anything else?
Yes. I want some post cards and some airmail stamps. I want to send some letters to South America.
Just a moment, I'll look up the rate for air-mail letters to South America.
Can you tell me how much it will cost to send a package to Colombia? Also, I what to know how long it will take.
Do you have the package with you? I would have to weigh it to see how much it would cost. Do you insure package?
Yes. All you have to do declare the value of the package and decide how much you want to insure it for.
Is there a way that I can be sure that the people in South america receive my package?
The post office rarely loses package. You can, however, request a rectum receipt.
One last question-what are your hours?
We open at eight-thirty in the morning and close at five-thirty in the afternoon.
Thank you, you helped me a lot.

Hello, thank you for taking the time to interview me.
Hi there, I’m Bill Gotcha, the owner of Gotcha Enterprises. Did you find your way here OK?
Your assistant gave wonderful directions.
Why are you switching jobs at this point in your career?
Our Company is moving overseas and I wish to stay in the United States.
What are you best at?
I am good at organizing systems that have been having problems.
What is your biggest challenge in terms of skills?
I don’t like to sit around and so like to always find things to do to keep myself busy.
That is good to hear?!

Good morning. SRC international. How may I help you?
Good morning. I'd like to speak to Peter. Chen Please.
Certainly. Who should I say is calling?
This is Tim. Hunter from Hunter industries.
And what is it regarding please?
We have an appointment for this afternoon. Mr. Chen will know why I'm calling.
Of course, Please hold the line Mr. Hunter.

Right, let me run through your options. You can go ahead and cash your undue Large-Amount Deposit Certificate if you really want to, but I'd recommend a Personal Durable Commodities Loan.
OK, what does that entail?
It's not too much trouble to do it this way and remember, your certificate is due in 2 months. If you can hold on to it, it'll be much better for your finances.
Yes, it does seem a little silly to cash it now. I'll probably need about 25,000 RIB. Will that be a problem?
Not at all, Mr Zu. As the certificate is due in 2 months, you can get the loan on mortgage of that certificate.
I'm glad you thought of this. I'd have just gone ahead and cashed it?! And I suppose I can use the money from the certificate to pay back this Personal Durable Commodities Loan and I won't lose any interest, right?
Exactly right. If you'd like to go ahead, I can process that for you now, Mr Zu.
Absolutely, Jenny. Thanks very much, I think you've saved me quite a lot of money today.

My aunt told me one of her secrets--cellophane tape. I just got it at the special health store. It's for my flabby arms.
Let me know how it works. I have to say, I have had enough of this roller coaster.
I know what you mean. I'm like a yo-yo. Last week I was down to 60 kilos. This week I had one donut more. Now I'm up to 62 kilos.

May I have a menu, please?
Of course. Could you tell me how this thing is cooked? Lobster?
It is steamed and served with our special sauce.
Is it good?
Sure. It is a most popular dish.
I think I will try some lobster, and give me some green salad together.

Can’t you come in and have tea now, Peter?
Not yet, I must water the garden first.
Do you have to water it now?
I’m afraid I must. Look at it?! It’s terribly dry.
What a nuisance?! Last summer it was very dry, too. Don’t you remember? I had to water it every day.
Well, I’ll have tea by myself.
That was quick?! Have you finished already? Yes, Look out of the window. It’s raining.
That means you needn’t water the garden.
That was a pleasant surprise. It means I can have tea, instead.

I'm broke, and I have to catch another bus.
Why don't you have any money for another bus?
I got hungry and bought some chips.
That was smart.
Anyway, do you have any change I can use for the bus?
I don't have any.
I don't know how I'm going to get home.
Get a transfer from the bus driver.
How much is a transfer?
It doesn't cost anything.
That's great?! Thanks for your help.
You know what? Don't mention it.

Hello, Anna. Come in and sit down.
Hello, doctor.
What's the matter? I've got a backache.
Do you often suffer from backache?
No, I don't. I've never had a bad one before. When did it start?
About four days ago.
Well, go home and rest in bed for two days, then you'll feel better. Can you give me some medicine? It's very painful.
Yes, I'll give you some pills. Take one a time and three times a day, and come back in three days. If you don't feel...

Welcome on board. May I see your boarding pass?
Here you are. Your seat is three, in the third row, near the window.
Thank you. Where can I put my suitcase?
Either in the overhead compartment or underneath the seat.
Everyone's attention, please. We are going to take off. Please fasten your belts.

Hello, madam. How do you like your staying here?
Quite good. Excuse me, are there any places of interest?
Yes, there are so many near our hoteI. Three blocks away from here, there is temple. It's famous for its building and paintings. lt' s worth visiting.
Thank you. I think today we will go there.

You're here to make a deposit, is that correct?
Right. I'd like to deposit 2,000 RIB into my Current Account.
No problem. Could I have the cash and your Bank Book, please?
Oh dear... there seems to be some problems here... What? What's wrong?
I'm sorry but 5 of these notes seem to be counterfeit. Look at this watermark, do you see it?
It does look a little strange, I didn't notice that before.

Hello, sir. Is there anything I can help you find?
Um... Uh... I'm just looking, thanks.
Need a gift for your girlfriend or wife...
No, no, no. I'm just browsing. Thanks anyway.
Well, if you need anything, just ask. Um... well, where's the men's shoe department?
It's on the third floor. Turn left when you get off the escalator.
Thanks.

An idea about killing time on a train?
I advise you to read Playboy.You can get a lot from it.
But there's quite a lot of rumors about it.
That's why it's interesting.

Have you brought the receipt with you?
No, I don't. I left it home.
Sorry, but we can't do anything without the receipt. Come back with it.
I didn't know. I'll go to get it. How late will you be open?
Till 5:30.

I haven't told you what happened yet, have I?
I haven't heard anything.
My boss offered me a promotion, and I took it.
Are you serious?
Yes, I am really excited.
That's great. Congratulations?!
Thank you.
Actually, I could not believe it at first. You know, there're so many outstanding people in our company. Many of them are qualified to fill that position.
Sure, but you really did great and outperformed the others. You deserved it?!
Thank you very much.

I like Chinese food.
I like Chinese food, too. I like dumplings best. At school, we sometimes have Chinese food for lunch.
That's good. We eat Chinese food only at the Chinese restaurant.
My mother can make some Chinese food.
Really? That's wonderful?!

OK. Come back into the classroom, class.
Does the class start again, Mam?
Yes, but to the heath, this break has last long enough.
Oh, breaktime flies. come on, baby. It’s time now.
Mam, another minute, could I?
Hurry up, little boy.

What's the actual flight time from here to San Francisco?
It's about twelve hours.
Can you tell me what time we're arriving?
Sure. Let me see... at 6:15 a. m. local time.
I see. And that'll be 10:15 p. m. Beijing time.

Excuse me, but I'm not feeling too well. I think I'm going to throw up.
There's an airsickness bag behind the seat that's in front of you.
I must've missed it. Is this your first time flying?
Yes. I'm going to San Francisco.
Oh, it's a beautiful city. I think you'll like it.
Hey, I'm feeling much better already.
Sometimes if you don't think about it, that sick feeling will go away on its own.
Thanks.
By the way, my name is Mary.
I'm Frank. Nice to meet you.

Welcome to Al's Bakery. What can I get you?
Hi?! Let me get a dozen croissants, four blueberry muffins and a loaf of sourdough bread.
Sure. Would you like to have the loaf sliced?
No, that's OK. Do you have any whole wheat bread?
We are out at the moment. May I suggest some rye bread?
Sure that sounds good. Do you have any cakes?
We have various birthday cakes and also ice cream cakes.
I'll just take a cheesecake.
Will that be all?
Yes.
Your total is forty three dollars and twenty cents.
You got it.

Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, we are happy you have all come out for our training workshop. Today we have a great line-up of speakers to talk to you. First on our program is a well-renown expert in the field of international economic development, Harvard's own Dr. James Smith. Dr. Smith has been involved in economic research for over twenty years, and has taught at Harvard since 1995. And now, without further adieu, we'd like to welcome Mr. James Smith.
Thank you, Mr. Jackson, ladies and gentlemen, colleagues, friends. The subject of my talk is international relations in a morgen world. I plan to say a few words about the current situation in the
Middle East and how it affects world economy. I'd like to give you an overview of the way that the economies of seemingly unrelated countries are intertwined. I've divided my talk into three parts, first an overview of international relations, second a discussion of current political situations, and lastly trends for the future. My presentation will take about two hours, but there will be a twenty-minute break in the middle. We'll stop for lunch at 12.

You're looking rather pale, why?
I couldn't sleep well recently.
You'd get plenty of sleep for you work so hard.
I always drink too much wine in the evening.
You shan't drink more wine in the evening.
Yes, you are right.
And you'd take some exercise every day.
Many thanks for your advice.

Hello Mrs Parker, how have you been?
Hello Dr Peters. Just fine thank you. Ricky and I are here for his vaccines.
Very well. Let's see, according to his vaccination record, Ricky has received his Polio, Tetanus and Hepatitis B shots. He is 14 months old, so he is due for Hepatitis A, Chickenpox and Measles shots.
What about Rubella and Mumps?
Well, I can only give him these for now, and after a couple of weeks I can administer the rest.
OK, great. Doctor, I think I also may need a Tetanus booster. Last time I got it was maybe fifteen years ago?!
We will check our records and I'll have the nurse administer and the booster as well. Now, please hold Ricky's arm tight, this may sting a little.

I’m interested in teaching at your school.
Great. Are you a qualified teacher?
Yes.
What kind of teaching certificate do you have?
I have a TEFL certificate.
How many years of experience do you have?
I have three years of teaching ESL and four years of teaching per-school children.
When did you get your TEFL certificate?
I got my TEFL certificate three years ago.
Why do you want to teach at our school?
Well, I’Ve heard many good things about it. I also like teaching young children.
That’s great. Can you speak Chinese?
Yes, just a little.
Can you come in for an interview tomorrow at 10:00?
I sure can.
Great. See you then.

Why is the car before us stopping?
What's going on? Look. Two cars are standing right in the middle of the road and the drivers are shouting rude words to each other.
That's why that car stops.
More and more people easily get irritated while driving.
Yes. This is what is called road rage.

This is today’s schedule. At 8 thirty AM, conference with the department managers. At 9 o’clock, live for the workshop where you’ll award prizes to the staff for preventatives.
That’s great. What are the prizes?
3000 RIB as bonus for each person. To encourage the staff increases.
Ok. Next thing is laying the corner-stone for the new plant at 10 AM. At 12 AM, back here for lunch. What about the afternoon? At 2 PM, give a presentation here with the press. At four o’clock sharp, have dinner with Mr. Smith, manager of NCC.

This is Lincoln Bank, Consumer Credit Department. How can I help you?
Ah, hello. I'm calling to find out how I apply for a car loan.
We offer a Personal Automobile Consumer Loan. The application process is pretty straight forward. I trust you have enough funds to cover the 20 % down payment?
Yes, I do. It's ready and waiting in my account.
The next step is for us to recommend a dealer to you, who are already contracted to us, so...
Could I just stop you there? Sorry to interrupt, but I have already been to your appointed dealer and selected the car I want.
That will certainly cut down the processing time. We can move on to the next step. Do you have the purchase price?
Yes, it's 110,000 RIB. So, with the down payment done, I will need to borrow 70,000 RIB.
What we need you to do next is to come into the branch with a correctly filled in application form, ID card, proof of residency, proof of income, the agreement from the agent and of course the 20 % down payment.
Yes, I have everything here.
OK, I'll come in and see you later today. Maybe I could have my new car as early as next week?! How exciting?!

Hi, my name is Tom.
Tom, the new sales representative? Nice to meet you?! I'm Melinda.
Nice to meet you too.Melinda. Now let me show you around. This is our reception area, and our conference room is right over there. Over here is the sales department.
Really? This is a nice office, but it's quite small.
Yeah... You can make photocopies and send faxes over there.
It looks like you guys work hard.
I tell you what just between you and me, we just mess things up so that it looks like we work hard.Just kidding.
Oh, your cubicle is over the. And this way. Those are all private offices the managers offices.
Hmm... Tell me more details about our jobs.
Sure thing.

What do you think of our price? Your price has gone up sharply, hasn't it?
Yes. We regret we cannot maintain our original price. Since the prices of the raw materials have been raised, we have to adjust the price of our products accordingly.
I agree with you there, but your price is unreasonable.
I don't think so. You must compare our price with that of other export houses. I'm sure our offer is in line with the prevailing market price level.
I don't think we'll be able to pay the price.
To have this business concluded, you need to lower your price at least by 3 %.
I’m afraid that there is no room for any reduction in price.
Don't you agree with me that in the long run, moderate prices will bring about large sales and more profit?
We've already cut down our price to cost level.
Is that all?
Yes, this is the best we can do.
I'm sorry we can't handle the price you offered.

So, Jimmy, how does it feel to have your own money?
It’s great, dad. I don’t mind delivering papers, but the real fun is collecting the money.
Even though you are only twelve, it’s not too early to start saving a little money.
I’Ve never had a bank account before. Why don’t I just keep my money under the matters like grandpa does?
You know you would spend it. And also, money in the bank earns interest.
But what if I need my money suddenly?
The bank will give you a PIN, and you can withdraw money from any ATM.
Great?! So it’s almost the same as keeping it under the matters?!
Not quite. You have to maintain a minimum balance of twenty dollars. And sometimes the bank has service charges. But you don’t have to worry about that yet. Let’s go make your first depot OK.
Guess I have to do that before. I can make money my first withdrawal.

Is this where I can catch a bus to the theater?
Yes, but you can't get there with out a change.
Which bus do I have to change?
You have to get off at the hospital and change for bus 15.
I see. Thank you.

Here we are, Joan. This is the Palace museum, also known as the Forbidden city.
Oh, how splendid?! Can you take a picture of me here?
Sure.

Excuse me. I'm afraid I got lost. Where am I on this map?
We are here, bus station, we are in the heart of the city.
Oh?! Can I go from here to the Zhongshan Park?
Head straight up the street about two blocks then turn right.

Tony, could you tell me if there are any special rules about the job?
Working hours are from 8: 30 a. m. to 5:00 p. m. Be sure not to be late or absent. Report to the manager by filling in the' Monthly Report' every month.
Is there anything else? How about my salary?
Our company has a strict and reasonable salary standard. On the 20th day of every month, you can get your salary on time. Benefits depend upon the length of service and the employee's past attendance record.
Wow, thank you for telling me these. Do you mind telling me something else, like attendance record, holiday, and how to ask for leave?
All new members are likely to ask the same questions. Haha.
I can understand that. Every month you have three days off, besides the weekends and some important holidays. After you've been here for a year, you qualify for a one-week vacation. The leave less than a half-day should predict for an hour, and more than a half-day should predict three days.
Okay, that's good. I get it.

Kate, you never believe what's happened.
What do you mean?
Masha and Hero are getting divorced.
You are kidding. What happened?
Well, I don't really know, but I heard that they are having a separation for 2 months, and filed for divorce.
That's really surprising. I always thought they are well matched.
What about the kids? Who get custody?
Masha, it seems quiet and makable, no quarrelling about who get the house and stock and then contesting the divorce with other details worked out.
That's the change from all the back stepping we usually hear about.
Well, I still can't believe it, Masha and Hero, the perfect couple.
When would they divorce be final?
Early in the New Year I guess.

Overseas operator. I would like to make a collect call to Taipei, Taiwan, please.
Your name, please.
Tim Chen.
What's the number, please.
The area code is 2, and the number is 2367-9960.
The line is connected. Please go ahead.

Hello. Excuse me.
Yes. Can I help you? Do you remember me? I just had lunch here a half hour ago.
Of course I remember you.
I think I lost my wallet here.
Oh, no. Really? I didn't see anything.
Really? You didn't find a wallet?
No, I didn't.
Would you like to go look by the table with me?
Yes, I would.
It's not here. And it's not on the floor.Has anyone sat at this table since we left?
No. It's been empty the whole time.
Hmm. I don't know how it could have happened.
I remember, sir, that your friend took the bill.You didn't pay for the lunch yourself, did you?
No. My friend did.
Then are you sure you took your wallet out of your pocket while you were here?
No, I'm not sure. But I usually take out my wallet when I sit down.It' s uncomfortable to sit on it. So I usually put it next to me on the table.
Maybe you lost it before you came here. Or maybe you left it at home.
I don't think it's at home. I think I had it when I left the house.But what should I do?
Well, the first thing you should do is make sure it's not at home.Then, if it isn't, you need to call your credit card companies and cancel your cards. Next, you need to replace whatever you lost, your driver's license, things like that.
Should I call the police?
You can if you want. But the police usually don't do anything about lost wallets.
Hmm. I'll go home and check. Maybe you're right. Maybe it's at home.
I'm sorry we couldn't find it, sir.
Thanks for your help.

Good morning, young lady. You can call me Ma. Do you see anything you like?
Yes. Many things?! I especially love this beautiful quilt.
That quilt was passed down to me from my ma in Holland.
It sounds like a special quilt. Why do you want to sell it?
Well, this home is too big for me now, so I'm moving to an apartment that is much smaller. Therefore, I need to part with a few things.
Oh, I see. Umm, how much do you want for the quilt?
Is fifteen dollars OK?

Have you got change for a thousand?
Let me see.

May I come in, Mr Sun?
I’d rather you didn’t, Miss Yang. I’m very busy now.
Can I try later then?
Yes, of course.
Is it all right for me to come in now, Mr Sun?
Well, uh... I’m still pretty busy, but... all right. Come in.
What can I do for you?
Do you mind if I sit down?
Not at all. Take a seat. Now what can I do for you?
I want to leave the department. Do you think I could put info a transfer?
Yes.
But why should you want to do that?
Do you mind if I speak frankly?
Not at all. Go ahead.
Well. You see, I don’t like the office. I don’t like the staff. And I’m afraid of you. And I don’t want to go one. So may I put info a transfer?
Yes. I’d be delighted if you did.

Where is that? Take me to the airport, please.
Are you in a hurry?
I have to be there before 17 o'clock.
We'll make it except a jam. You know it's rush hour.
There's an extra ten in it for you if you can get me there on time.
I'll do my best.
Here's twenty dollars. Do you have small bills?
No. If you can't break it, keep the change. But can you give me a receipt?
Here is your receipt.
Thank you.

Recently I have been getting headache and my eyes don't seems to see focus properly.
When did you last time have your eyes checked?
Two years ago. At that time I had no problems.Now I can’t even make out something ten meters away.
Come over here. I will test your eyes. First cover your left eye like this, and when I point, please read the chart from the top, and go as far as you can, telling me which way the “ E ” points.
All right. Good.Now the other eye. Well, this one is worse.
Never mind, just read as far as you can.
I can only read the first three lines.

Is there a car park near the supermarket?
Yes, there is an underground car park near the supermarket.
I see. Thanks.

Oh, come on, Ultraman?! What's up, Bro? What's in the bulletin?
It says that there will be a blackout from 5 p. m. to 7 p. m. in our neighborhood today.
Blackout? Even the TV has the limit. Don't you know you will look like a monster in the blackout?
Oops, no, Daddy can't watch American Idol, either?! That's not the point.
Come on, can you imagine that there will be no electricity on such a hot day? Oh, my god?! No air-conditioner?!
OK, since you are the smart one, can you come up with a better plan? So that we won't be baked like cookies here.
How about playing Barbie out there in the neighborhood?
Barbie? You know, I might be seven, but I'm not a girl.
Do you have a better plan?
All right, all right.

Yes, ma'am, how could I help you?
I am wondering if you do facial care?
Yes, we do.
How much would it be?
From 200 to 800.
I'm afraid 800 is too expensive for me. Could you recommend something around 300?
No problem.

Can I help you, Miss?
I would like to order 2 office-style cabinets and desk calendars. We want office-style cabinets in white. The catalogue number is 90-f-2356.
How soon do you want it?
Could you deliver it tomorrow?
No problem. Please handle the items carefully.
Certainly.
We will pay by collect on delivery.

I hate to do this to you, Alice, but I’m going to have to ask you to put in some more overtime.
Does it have to be this afternoon, Mr. Fairbanks? I’Ve already made plans.
Well, I would have preferred to do it today, but if you’Ve already made plans, we can do it tomorrow.
I’d appreciate that, sir. How long do you think you’ll need me to stay?

What’s your attitude when do wrong things at work?
The buck stops here.

Hello?! Is your company advertising for administrative assistant on the newspapers?
Well, Administrative assistant with shorthand and typing skills are badly needed here.
First I want to check about the availability and see if you could give me more information.
The position calls for a person with some working experience. We must be able to benefit from your analytical and interpersonal skills. Can you deliver your resume to us first?
Of course. I will deliver my resume to you in minutes' time. I hope you will consider my application and I shall appreciate a reply at your earliest convenience.
OK. I will call you soon. Bye now.
Bye.

Just as the saying goes, every potter praises his own pot. You should pay special attention to selling yourself properly in the interview. It is especially important for the graduates who step into the job market for the first time. You'd better prepare what you are going to say in advance, in order to have a good performance in the interview. The contents should be mainly descriptions of your background. And the length depends on the particular situation. Only when you are aware of what the interviewer will be interested in, can you make a targeted preparation. To sell yourself successfully, you should leave the interviewer a deep impression. Selling yourself should go straight to the point, and the statement should be clear and brief. It should also be truthful and realistic. Do not blindly blow your own horn. You should particularly state your strong points which are closely related to the position you are applying for. While you should not omit your weak points, they need to be described appropriately Time permitted, you could add certain examples to your description. Besides, in the interview, it is best that you make corresponding adjustments to apply your prepared contents flexibly.

Hello?
Hi, Deborah?! This is John. I'm calling from Australia.
What are you doing in Australia?
I'm attending a conference in Sydney this week. Remember?
Oh, right. What time is it there?
It's 10:00 P. M. And it's four o'clock in Los Angeles, right?
Yes - four o'clock in the morning.
4:00 A. M.? I'm really sorry.
That's OK. I'm awake now.

John hasn't turned up and Stefan is ill. Do we have anyone on stand-by?
I'm afraid not, we're very short-staffed at the moment.
Can you ask the shift supervisor to ask one of his team to do some overtime?
Perhaps Tommy can stand in for an hour or two until we find a replacement.

Jack, let’s go?! Oh, you are out of breath?! What happened?
Some people are wildly shooting on the next street. We must leave here as soon as possible?!
Take it easy. They will get caught.

Hello. May I speak to Jerry, please?
Sorry, but he is out for lunch right now.
I see. Can you give me some idea how long he'll be back?
I think he will be back around 2:00. If you like, please leave your name and phone number, I'll have him call you as soon as he comes back.
That's nice. My name is Steven, my phone number is 6789777.
Okay, I'll be waiting for his call. Thank you and bye?!
My pleasure, bye?!

Excuse me, Miss. What can I do for you?
I've just heard an announcement that my flight has been delayed.
What's your flight number?
Flight CA216 to Chengdu.
Yes, it's true. It has been delayed.
Could you please tell me why?
Yes, of course. The delay is due to heavy rain.
How long will the delay be? Do you have any further information about it?
I am sorry, we don't know the extent of the delay at present. But according to the latest weather forecast, there will be a change in weather soon. We have to wait.
Well, is it possible for the rain to stop before noon?
It's hard to say. Weather is so changeable in the summer. Please listen to the latest announcement about your flight.
Yes, I will. Thanks a lot. Bye?!
Bye

What are we going to do? I can't get the car out of this ditch. I'm stuck?!
I'm worried, Tom. I haven't seen any other cars for almost an hour.
I know. This is terrible. What can we do? This snow doesn't stop falling?!
I told you we should have stayed in town today.The weather report said 100 percent chance of snow.Why did you want to come up here?
I wanted to show you the cabin. We only had another half-hour to go.
Well, now we're stuck. What can we do?
I don't know. I've heard that when this happens, it's important to save energy.
What do you mean? We're stranded here, Tom. We may be here a long time.We need to conserve the gas in the car. The car's energy is what will keep us warm.
I have plenty of gas.
Yes, but the gas and the battery both have to stay working.We can't just let the car run and run.If we do, it will die soon. Then we'll freeze.
So what can we do?
Turn the lights off.Then, run the car and the heater only about fifteen minutes every hour.That will conserve the heat as long as possible.
Alright. That's a good idea. I wish we hadn't come up here. Now we'll probably be here for days.
Days?
Yes, it happens.That is what happens in big snowstorms. People get stranded for days.
Oh, my God?! It's good we have food. Probably we'll survive.But turn the car off for about forty-five minutes. Then we'll turn it on again.

Hey, buddy, can’t you see there’s a line?
Oh, sorry. I didn’t know.
What? You haven’t taken the bus before?
No, I’m afraid not.
Well, you have to wait in line like everyone else. Besides, you should let old people on first.
Sorry.
It’s all right. Where are you going?
I wanted to see the White House.
Oh, well you don’t want this bus, anyway. It goes to Georgetown.
Oh, no. It’s all right, though. Just get off at the next stop and catch the 79A.
Oh, well thank you very much.
You’re welcome.

Can I help you?
I'd like the double cheese burger meal, please.
What kind of drink would you like with that?
Just coke will be fine.
Would you like a super size meal? Only 2 RIB more, you'll get large coke and fries instead of medium. And today we are offering free toys all the meal boxes.
That sounds good, thanks, I'd like that. Actually I'd like sprite instead of coke, thanks.
That's not a problem, Miss. Will that be it?
Yes, that's all. That will be 25RMB, please
You got it.

Do you have any night tours?
Yes, we will depart in 10 minutes.
Is that a guided tour?
Yes, it is.
That's fine. Let's get on the bus.

I am sure we will make it up as soon as possible.
That's nice. We hope this matter will not affect our good relations in our future dealings.
Of course not. We have cooperated for a long time.

I would like to purchase some meat.
What kind of meat would you like to get today?
First off, I'm going to need a pound of ground beef.
A pound of ground beef is $ 2.48.
That's perfect. What else will you be needing?
I'm also going to need three pounds of chicken breasts.
The chicken breasts cost $ 4.05 per pound. What's the total price for the chicken?
It's going to be $ 12.15.
Okay, I think that will be all for me today.

I think you know already that I want to discuss the represent - ton for your alarm clocks.
Yes, Mr. Bergeron. You mentioned that in your letter.
To tell you the truth, your proposal surprised us.
Is that so?
Anyhow I want to go over the details with you in person, so you can give my suggestion thorough consideration.
Our firm specializes in this line of business. We have six sales representatives, who are on the road all the time, covering the whole of the European market.
Do you sell direct to shops?
Yes, we specialize in handling clocks and watches of all sorts. We have well established channels of distribution and we canvass the retailers direct, without any middlemen.
Do you keep a stock of these things?
In some cases, such as the wristwatches, which always have a steady market, we keep a stock in London and act as distributors as well as agents. Generally, however, we pass on the orders of our clients to the manufacturers for supply. We are paid for our service, of course.
That is, your commission.
Yes, our commission is very reasonable. We usually get a 10 % commission of the amount on every deal. Our agents in other areas usually get a 3-5 % commission. The European market is not familiar with your products. You have competitors from Japan and other continental countries. At the beginning of our campaign, there is sales resistance to overcome, we must send out salesmen to do a lot of traveling and spend a considerable amount of money on advertising in news - papers and TV programs. A 10 % commission will not leave us much.
According to your estimate, what is the maximum annual turn - over you can fulfill, in round figures, of course?
We will always do our utmost to enlarge the business, as our remuneration increases with the turnover, but we will not guar - ante anything, at least not to begin with.
We appreciate very much your intention to push the sale of our products. But our suggestion to you, Mr. Bergeron, as a preliminary step, is to do a little research into the market...
Do you mean to say you refuse us the agency?
Mr. Bergeron, you leave us no alternative. We can not give you an exclusive agency of the whole European market without having the slightest idea of your possible annual marketing turnover. Besides our price is worked out according to the costing. A 10 % commission means an increase in our price. We must have the reaction of the buyers in this respect.
Oh, that's just too bad. I intended to make great efforts in selling your products.
Well, we can still carry on our business relationship without the agreement. To start the ball rolling, we will provide you with price lists, catalogues and some samples. Only when you have a thorough knowledge of the marketing possibilities of our products, can we then discuss further details.
Ah, Mrs. Miller, but in this case am I covered?
Oh, yes. We will give you a 5 % commission on every transaction.
All right, but I'll be back again for the Autumn Fair. And then I hope we can see eye to eye about our commission and the terms of the agency.
Very good. We will discuss the matter again at the next Fair.

Excuse me, I’m sorry to trouble you. My name is Susan Ransom, and I have placed several orders with you company.
Yes, Mr. Ransom? This is Karl Miller. How may I help you?
Well, I wonder if you could track an order I placed with you last month. It hasn’t arrived yet.
Certainly, Ms. Ransom. Do you have an order number?

Have you worked out the offers. Mr. Thou?
Yes, we have. Here's our CIF quotation sheet. Please have a careful look.
Are the prices on the list firm offers?
Yes. All the quotations on the list are subject to our final confirmation.
I wonder whether there are any changes in your prices.
All these products are our best-selling lines. The prices of our products will change according to that of the international market demand. And we are always open to negotiate, especially on larger orders.
What do you have in mind?
How long does your offer remain valid?
I need some time to get my supervisors on board with this plan.
I understand. Our offer remains open for 4 days.

Hello sir, may I help you?
Yeah, I accidentally dropped my phone in the toilet.
I see. Well, you have come to the right place. We have over one hundred models of more than twenty leading mobile phone manufacturers.
Sounds good. I don’t want it to be too expensive, maybe something mid-range.
We have this new ETC smart phone.It comes with the Android OS so you can download applications. It also has a built-in camera, mp3 player and touch screen. It works on the 3G network so you have fast access to the internet wherever you are.
What about Wi-fi?
Of course?! You can access the internet from any hotspot as well as from home.
One last thing. Is it waterproof?

We have been over this a hundred times?! We are not getting a pet?!
Why not? Come on?! Just a cute little puppy or a kitty?!
Who is going to look after a dog or a cat?
I will?! I’ll feed it, bathe it and walk it every day?! We can get a Labrador or a German Shepard?!
What if we want to take a vacation? Who will we leave it with? Plus, our apartment is too small for that breed of dog.
Ok. How about we get a cat or a ferret?
We’re planning on having children soon, I don’t think those animals are a good idea with a baby in the house.
Fine?! Let’s get a bird then?! We can keep it in its cage and teach it to talk?! A parrot would be awesome?!
I’ll tell you what, I can get you some hamsters and we’ll take it from there.
Yay?!

Good evening, Mr. Lee and thank you for choosing our airline. We have just discovered that this flight is overbooked. Would you like to volunteer to give up your seat?
Overbooked? Give up my seat? I don’t understand.
From time to time we have a situation in which there are more passengers than there are seats on the aircraft. That’s overbooked.
I know what overbooked is, I just don’t understand how that could happen?
Actually it’s a common practice to overbook, as passengers often don’t take their flight as scheduled. Most of the time there is no problem but today, more passengers arrived than we have seats,
So who has to stay behind?
Well, first we ask for volunteers. If someone like yourself volunteers, they receive a free round trip ticket to be used within one year. If no one volunteers we just have to select someone.
Ok. I’ll volunteer. I could use a free ticket?!

I want to rent this apartment.
I’m glad to hear that. How much are you asking?
You will have to pay $ 1050 every month.
I can’t afford that. What can you afford?
I was thinking $ 800 a month.
I’ll need you to pay more than that. How much more?
How does $ 900 every month sound to you?
I can live with that. We have a deal then.

Good morning, Miss Monica. Nice to meet you again?!
Good morning, Mr. Thomas, it is nice to see you too. After the internal discussion, we have all agreed that you are the most suitable person for this position among all the candidates. So, today let’s talk about your expected salary and social benefits. What is your expected salary?
I’Ve worked in the field for more than 4 years. Depend on my work qualifications and experience, I would like to have 5000 Yuan to start.
The basic salary for your position in our company would be 4800 Yuan to start with increases giving according to your performance.
It is a bit lower than I expected. But I can accept that.
What are the working hours?
40 hours a week, Monday to Friday, 9 AM to 5 PM with one hour lunch break every day..
Do I have to work on weekend? If so, how do you pay for the overtime?
We do expect overtime work when it is necessary, but we pay twice of the work hour for working on weekends and three times for working on national holidays like Spring Festival and the Mid-Autumn Day.
Is there probation?
No probation is involved. If you feel good, you can start next week.

Welcome to the McDonald's. What will it be for you, madam?
One Big Mac and French Fries.
Is there anything else?
Give me one coke, please.
Is this to go or to eat here?
To go, please.
That comes to four dollars and ten cents.
And can I have some ketchup, please?
It's on the service counter over there. Please go to help yourself.

What's the name of this street?
University Street.
Do you know of any banks near here?
You'll see one at the corner on your right.

Hey there, you look a little lost. Are you new here?
Yeah how’d you know?
You can always spot the newbies. I can give you a few pointers if you want. Were you trying to use this machine here?
Yeah?! I just started my training today and I’m not really sure where to begin.
It’s ok, I know how it is. This machine here will work out your upper body, mainly your triceps and biceps. Are you looking to develop strength or muscle tone and definition?
Well, I don’t want to be ripped like you?! I just want a good physique with weights and Carpio.
In that case you want to work with less weight. You can start off by working ten to fifteen reps in four sets. Five kilo weights should be enough. Now it’s very important that you stretch before pumping iron or you might pull a muscle.
Got it?!
Wow is that the weight you are lifting? My goodness that’s a lot of weight?!
It’s not that much. Just watch... I’m ok...

Excuse me.Could you tell me how to return to the Hilton Hotel? I am afraid I lost my way.
Do you have a hotel card or something? Let's see.Yes, I have the address and telephone number here.
Oh, you're staying at the downtown Hilton.Then, you go down two blocks this way and turn left.You' ll find it on the right.
Well, I don't understand it very well.Will you draw me a map?

Excuse me, but could you tell me the way to the railway station?
The railway station? Just go down this street and turn left at the second corner. The station is at the end of that street.
How long will it take me to get there?
It's about a ten-minute walk.
That's very clear. I think I can find my way now. Thank you.
Not at all.

How does the political system work in your country?
We have hundreds of constituencies and the voters in each one elect a member of parliament. Most people call them mp’s.
Each mp belongs to a political party, right?
Almost all of them do. A few are independent. That means that they do not belong to a party.
If one party more than half of the mp’s. they form a government. That means that they choose a prime Finist
What’s a cabinet?
This is a small group of people-perhaps 25 mp’s who are usually ministers. They make all the big decision and discuss laws and policy.
Can any mp make a law?
Any mp can present a law to parliament. The proposed law is debated and voted on. If it is accepted, it becomes law.
I suppose a proposed a law needs the support of the big political parties.
Yes, it does, because they have most of the mp’s. most mp’s vote the way their party wants them to.
How do people choose which party or candidate to vote for?
They produce manifesto. These documents which states their policies. Some people just vote for the same party every time there is an election. Voters who often change the party they vote for are Calle

How was your interview?
Pretty good. The HR manager asked me the usual questions. Then he wondered why I had decided to leave my previous job.
What did you say?
I told him that I hadn’t got a raise for three years. I also told him that one of my best co-workers quitted her job because she had not been promoted for eight years.
Did he want to know the reasons?
Yes. I told him that my boss made some excuses of the recession. But I thought he had a pattern and a record of promoting men only. That’s sex discrimination.
When will you get the reply?
In a couple of days, I was told.
Wish you good luck?!
Thank you.

What qualities do you think a senior executive should possess?
Generally speaking, he needs creativity, the ability to communicate, sense of personal responsibilities, the ability to solve problems and so on.
Do you have all these qualities?
Yes, I have all of them. I am totally competent to be a senior executive.

Hi. I need more amenities, please.
Could you be a little more specific, sir?
Well, to be more specific, the free stuff, like soap, lotion, and shampoo.
I understand. Now, you're saying that you've already used up all your amenities?
Oh, no?! I've got all I need for my stay here.
So, what's the problem?
I need souvenirs?!
You want some souvenirs?!
Yes, yes. Souvenirs.
But, sir, our souvenir shop carries all those items.
That's not the same thing. If you buy hotel souvenirs, they have no sentimental value.
I understand, sir. I'll call housekeeping. You'll have your souvenirs shortly.

Hello, may I help you?
Yes.We' re interested in seeing the rooms for rent.
Oh, how nice.They' re bright rooms and the house is very quiet.
A nice quiet house is exactly what we're looking for.
Well, gentleman.Each room is $ 40 a week if you think that's OK.
That sounds just wonderful to us. When do you want to move in?
How about this afternoon?
Fine. I'll be expecting you around two.

Are you ready to order? May I suggest a veal?
No, I'll have the fish please.
The chicken is also nice.
No, I want the fish.
Our special tonight is lobster.
Thank you, but I prefer the fish.
Perhaps you'd enjoy the lamb.
No, I like the fish.
What ever you say?

Am I ever hungry? When will supper be ready?
It's almost ready. Can you set the table?
All right. Want to taste this dish?
Yeah. Oh, it's delicious?! Really?
Definitely. It's a wonderful meal.
Thank you, Honey. If you like to help me do the dishes, I'll be more dreadful.
I wish I could, but I won't.

Good morning, Kate. Long time no see.
Good morning, Vera, Nice to meet you.
Kate, I know you’Ve been a stewardess for more than one year. And I’ll have an interview on stewardess tomorrow. Can you tell me some etiquette about the interview?
Of course. First you should do up your long hair and do make up but not too thick.
Is there anything else I should pay attention to?
Yes, when you attend the interview, you should pay attention to your manner, style of conversation and expression. You should keep smiling always, being polite when you talk with the interviewer. Don't move from time to time when you sit there. And you also should know how to use eye contact.
Thank you, I've learned so much from you.
That’s all right. Hope you can do better tomorrow.

Can you fix me a cup of tea, Johnny?
Well... uh... how about a glass of juice instead?
No. I'd like tea. Can you put it in my favorite cup? You probably washed it...
Oh, yeah. Well, uh, about your mug... I'll find it...
Where are all the floral pattern plates? And dad's Yankee's mug?

Good morning, sir. May I help you?
Yes, I'd like to settle my bill.
Certainly sir. May I have your room key, please?
Sure. Here you are.
Just a moment, please. I'll draw up your bill for you... Thank you for waiting, sir. Your bill totals two thousand six hundred and fifty-eight yuan, including the phone and laundry.
That much?! Would you mind letting me have a look at it?
Not at all, sir. Here you are.
Thanks. Well, It seems to be right. How much is that in dollars, please?
Just a moment, sir. I'll calculate that for you. It comes to 305 dollars and 52 cents at today's exchange rate.
I see. OK. How would you like to make the payment?
In cash, please.
Here you are.
Thank you, sir... Here is your change. Could you check it, please? Thank you for choosing our hotel. I hope you enjoyed your stay.
By the way, please forward my mail to this address.
Certainly, sir. We hope you have a good trip.

Hi, Sam. I want to buy a pet. Do you have any ideas?
You really should go to Rachel's pet store.
why? anything special there?
it's more than special. You can find as many kinds of animals as you can put a name to and more.
Oh, really? are there any snakes?
snakes? there are even rodents and monkeys?! it's a world of exotic pets.
that's terrific. I can't wait to check it out.
Hang on. are you sure you want to keep a non-traditional pet?
why not? it's so cool.
but it will pose a risk to your health.
pardon?
i mean, most reptiles carry some harmful bacteria. they are likely to cause immune system problems.
well, I didn't realize that. I don't believe it's a good choice to keep those pets, especially for families with young children.
oh, I should have thought of my brother's baby girl. Maybe I'll just have a dog instead of an exotic pet.
yes, good luck, Maria.

I’m a new student. My name’s Robert. Nice to meet you.
My name’s Sophie. Are you French?
Yes, I’m. Are you French, too?
No, I’m not. What nationality are you?
I’m Italian. Are you a teacher?
No, I’m not. What’s your job?
I’m a keyboard operator. What’s your job?
I’m an engineer.

I can’t believe Obama is our President.
I am proud to know that he is our President.
You voted for him, right?
Did you vote for him, because I know that I did.
I did, too. I have nothing but faith in Obama.
Really? I’m sure he will help better America.
We do need some change in this country.
Our country is already changing as it is.
You’re absolutely right. I trust that he will take good care of our country.

Do you have a reservation, sir?
No, I’m afraid we don’t.
I’m sorry the restaurant is full now. You have to wait for about half an hour. Would you like to have a drink at the lounge until there’s a table available.
No, thanks, I’ll come back later. May I reserve a table for two?
Yes, of course. May I have your name, sir?
Bruce
By the way, can we have a table by the window?
we’ll try to arrange it, but I can’t guarantee sir.
That’s fine.
your table's ready, sir? Please step this way.

Do you have coffee shops in China, too?
Yes, of course. There are many tea houses and bars in China, too. People can drink, eat and relax at these places.
You like to go to these places, don’t you?
Yes, sometimes the music there is so beautiful. It is very romantic. I can stay there for hours.
Do you often go there alone?
No, I often go there with my friends.

Hi there?! I am looking for a new car. I have this old Ford Pinto that I would like to trade in.
I see. You are in luck this month because all of our models are on sale?! it is a perfect time to buy a new car since it’s the end of the year.
Perfect?!
I like this one.
That is the Ford Focus. A very light but powerful vehicle. It comes with dual side airbags, power steering and power windows, tinted windows and your choice of either automatic or manual transmission.
Sounds like a good car?! How many miles to the gallon?
It is a very fuel efficient vehicle giving you about 34 miles in the city and 40 on the highway.
That is really convenient. Especially now that fuel prices are so high?!
What’s under the hood?
A very powerful 2.5- liter turbocharged engine, Trust me, this car is fast?!
Now for the most difficult question. What is the price tag for this lovely vehicle?
Very affordable mam. You can take it out of this lot today with 0 % down payment and no interest for the first year?! You can test drive it now and we can sign the papers when we get back.
Great?! Let’s do it?!

I wonder if you could help me, I'm looking for a room.
Well, I have got a vacancy.
What sort of price are you asking?
Eight dolls fifty a week excluding laundry.
Would it be convenient to see the room?
Can you call back later? We're right in the middle of lunch.

Could you give me an expense report? I would like to attach the invoices for my phone bill this season.
Here you are. Do you need glue?
That is very kind of you. I’m just running out of glue.
You’re welcome.

IBA, Jane speaking. How can I help you?
Hello. I'd like to speak to someone regarding my card.
Sorry, I'm not quite sure if I understand. In what way, Sir? Has your card been stolen?
No, no. Nothing at all like that. It's just that I applied for a credit card with you a while ago, my application was accepted, but I'm still waiting for my card.
Oh, I see, Sir. Well, it does take 5 working days to issue and post the card.
Yes, my application was accepted last Friday. Now it's Wednesday, that's more than 5 days.
Sorry, Sir, but it's 5 working days. This does not include weekends, so your card should be with you later this week.
Of course?! How silly of me?! Yes, 5 working days would mean this Friday, at the earliest.
I see. I'm sorry to trouble you.
It's no trouble at all, Sir. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nothing, thanks. I again apologise for the misunderstanding, bye for now.

What can I do for you, sir?
We'd like to order breakfast for tomorrow morning.
Yes, sir. What would you like?
Orange juice, scrambled eggs, bacon, toast and coffee.
OK, and when shall I bring it here?
About seven thirty.By the way, could you also bring me tomorrow's papers?
Of course, sir.

What shall we do when we find a shortage in the shipment?
You should do one of the two things - either to lodge a claim with the shipowner or with the insurance company.
Shall we leave it to the brokers?
Yes. They usually do it. Do they charge for that?
Of course. In Europe, they charge a commission of 1 % of the amount of the claim for their service.
Is it the same in America?
They do the work without charge to the importer. It's part of their service, isn't it?
Exactly. Is it enough to claim with an on board bill of lading?
No, you must also obtain a statement from the shipping agent certifying that the goods were actually loaded on their vessel for shipment.
I see. By the way, how do we prove the ownership of our goods?
You must provide full original set of ocean bills of lading original insurance policy or certificate and the original commercia invoice.
I see. Thank you.
You are welcome.

I'll be on business for a couple of days, could you take care of your sister?
OK, Mum, when will you be back?
I'll be back in ten days.

Passport, please, madam.
Just a minute, please. It's in my bag. Here it is.
Thank you. Please fill out the Baggage Declaration Form.
All right. Shall I enter all my belongings?
No, only the articles listed on the Declaration.

I’m hungry, let’s go grab a bite to eat.
Yeah me too.
Oh?! Can we stop at the shop really fast? I lost my makeup bag at the airport and I want to pick up a few things.
Will you take long?
No?! Five minutes I promise?!
Come on?! We have been here for almost an hour?! I thought you said you were only going to get a few things?! How long does it take you to pick out a lipstick and some nail polish?!
Are you crazy? You have no idea what you are talking about?! Just for my eyes I have to get eye-liner, an eyelash curler, eye shadow, an eyebrow pencil and mascara. Then I need to get foundation, liquid foundation.
Whoa whoa whoa?! Are you nuts? How much is all this going to cost? I’m looking at the price at each one of these little things and it’s outrageous?! This is basically a crayon?!
What about you? You spend as much or more money on your razors, after shave, cologne and gel?! Not to mention how much you spend on clothes and...
Fine?! Get the stupid thirty dollar crayon?!

Can I borrow five bucks?
No?!
Come on?! I'll pay you back on Tuesday.
Last time I lent you money, you never paid me back.
I promise if you lend me five dollars today, I will repay you in full next week.
Ok, but I'm taking your skateboard as collateral.
Fine?! I can't believe you don't trust me.
It's nothing personal, just business.

May I help you, sir?
Yes, please. I'm looking for a cotton polo shirt.
Any particular colour?
Not really. How about this one?
I like the design, but don't particularly care for the colour. Do you have that in other colours, too?
Well, they come in white, pale yellow, aqua, red and green. Will a white one do?
Yes. I prefer white - and may I see a pale yellow one, too?
Why, of course. Let's see... White... Pale yellow. Here you are, sir.

I’m so surprised to meet you in this remote village. Long time no see.
Yeah. How are you these days?

You look terrific and in good shape.
Thank you. How do you keep fit?
I do yoga twice a weeks
Yoga? It sounds interesting.
It was hard at the beginning, but now feel it's really relaxing. It makes me flexible.
Anything else?
Yes, I often go swimming. Are you interested in swimming?
Yes, I like it very much.

Are you going home now?
No, I'm not. What are you going to do? Are you going to work late?
No, I'm not. I'm going to look for an apartment.
An apartment? Why?
I'm going to try to find a place near the office.
Where are you living now?
Out in the suburbs. It's a long trip to work every day.
How are you going to find an apartment?
I'm going to buy a newspaper and check the classified ads.
Apartments in the city are expensive.
I know, but I'm going to enroll in a night school to take a course in business management.

no, no, you helped me with my computer last week. I want to repay the favor.
no, it's definitely my turn to treat you... you paid last time?!
oh, that was just a quick bite to eat---that doesn't count?!
ok, ok, how about we just go Dutch?
It's settled.
Listen, I'm still pretty new around here, would it be alright if you found the restaurant?
ok... sure.

I am waiting for a fax but just now I found there’s something wrong with the fax machine.
What’s wrong with the fax machine? Is it urgent?
Yes, very urgent. And there is no other fax machine around. And the office of our boss is closed, so I can not use his machine either. And his secretary is out. Do you have any suggestion?
Either call this extension number 0085 or ask them to send the fax to you as e-mail, you print it out.

Hey, Jim. It's time to wake up and get out of bed.
Do I have to get up now?
You'd better get up, or you'll be late.
What're you talking about? My alarm even hasn't gone off yet.
Yes, it did. It went off thirty minutes ago. You slept right through it. You're like a dead person while you sleep.
I must have slept right through it.
Rise and shine?! Sleepyhead?!
Just let me sleep five more minutes.
The early bird gets the worm.
I know, I know. But I don't want any worms. Ha?! Ha?!
If you don't make an effort now, later on it'll be a lot tougher for you.

What shall we do tonight?
How about the cinema?
That's a good idea. We haven't seen a film for ages. What would you like to see?
Oh I don't know. Titanic?
Titanic? That old film? but I've seen it before?!

I’Ve been told you might have a vacant room.
Yes. I have a spare room.
How much are you asking?
10.00 dollars a night.
Could I see the room, please?
Sure.Come on in.

Sit down, please. What's wrong with you?
I feel cold, and I'm shivering. I have a terrible headache and a sore throat.
How long have you been like that?
About a day.
Let me have a look at your throat first. Please open your mouth and say " ah ".
Ah... And show me your tongue... Thank you. That'll do. You have slight tonsillitis, and your throat is inflamed. How is your appetite?
Not so good. Now, let me take your temperature. Please put this thermometer under your armpit and let me feel your pulse? Your pulse is weak.
Do I have a temperature, doctor?
Yes, you have a high fever. I'd like to give you a blood test.

Yikes?! What was that noise?
I had to blow my nose.
Did you have to blow right next to the phone? Did you hear that?
Of course I heard that. I thought a plane had crashed into your house.
It wasn't that loud.
I will blow my nose sometime for you, and you'll see.
Okay. I'll take your word for it. I thought you had an elephant in your house.
You're funny.
What did you say? I think I've gone deaf.
I'm going into the bathroom to blow my nose. I'll be right back.

Can I have the check please?
Right away, sir.
Is this amount correct?
Yes, sir, it is.
Thank you, the service was good
Please come again.

Nowadays fewer and fewer people go to the movie theaters to see films. So I am afraid that the film studios are really getting hard time to survive.
What you said is true. But the film producers there are more flexible ways to get more audience. For example, to make more movie Ccds, so people will spend money buying them. But it is true that cinemas are losing the attraction they used to have in the past.
Yes. Take myself for example. I seldom go to cinemas, but it doesn't mean I no longer see films ; instead, I see films at home-watching Ccds.

Okay, well I’m sure you have a number of questions to ask me regarding the position.
Yes, well Miss Childs did give mean overview of the position over the phone, but there were some details I’d like to clarify.
Well feel free to ask me anything, and I’ll try to fill in the details. Could I first ask about the remuneration package?
Yes, of course. That’s quite an important point, isn’t it? As a junior sub editor we offer a starting salary of 150,000 HK dollars per annum. This doesn’t include a generous housing allowance also.
I understand. And are there other bonuses included?
Well, apart from full health insurance we do offer a company staff bonus scheme linked to readership numbers. But we could go through all the details of that at a later date.
Well, Mr. Parsons, I am flexible when it comes to salary. The opportunity to work in Hong Kong for you is the most important thing for me.
Excellent. Well, what other questions do you have Rebecca?

We need to take the accounts system offline to carry out the upgrade. But don't worry, it won't cause too much inconvenience. We're going to do it over the weekend.
How long will the system be down for?
We'll be taking everything offline in about two hours' time. It'll be down for a minimum of twelve hours. If everything goes according to plan, it should be up again by 6 pm on Saturday.
That's fine. We've allowed forty-eight hours to be on the safe side.

Welcome to IBA. Can I help you?
Yes, please. I'm here for an International Settlement. Our company has to effect payment, and it needs to be done today. Here's the advice slip for the payment.
Thanks. I'm sorry to say that you need to get this stamped. There is no stamp on this slip and it is essential before I can process it for you.
I see. So, I need to stamp it. And sign it too?
Yes, that's right. Down here, at the bottom right hand corner to show that you agree to pay the printed amount.
I'll go back to the office and get it sorted and pop back later.
Thanks, bye for now.

That's the warehouse where the large items of office equipment are stored. If I ordered a desk today, how would it be before I got delivery in Scotland?
Well, I think perhaps you'd better speak to our Production Manager, Mr. Yao. You'll meet him when we go over to the factory.

Excuse me. I have just missed the connection plane due to the heavy fog in London. Can I change my ticket now?
Please Show your ticket and passport.
Here you are.
Which flight do you want to change?
The next one to my destination. I have to be there as soon as possible.

Hi, can I speak with the apartment manager, please?
Hello, this is the apartment manager speaking.
I'm calling about the apartment for rent on Main Street.
Would you be interested in seeing the apartment?
I would love to see it.
Are you free today at around 6 p. m.?
Yes, I will be able to make it then.
Well, I'll see you at 6 p. m. Do you know how to get there?
I used to live in that area.
I'll give you an application form when I see you.
That sounds good. Do I need to bring anything?
No. Just bring yourself.

Good afternoon. Welcome to China. May I see your passport, customs and health declaration form?
Yes, here you are.
Thank you. W hat's your occupation, Mr. Smith?
I'm the general manager of the Far-East Industry Corporation. You are here on business, aren't you?
Yes, I have been invited by the East Import
I see. Do you have anything to declare?
Yes, I have some foreign currency to declare.
Would you please fill out this currency declaration form? It's a record of the foreign currency you have brought in.
All right.

How much does it cost for a bus pass?
It'll be $ 65 for a monthly pass.
Is there anything cheaper than that?
If you're in school, you can get a student pass.
Well, I am how much will that cost?
The pass is free.
I don't have to pay for anything?
You'll only have to pay for the monthly sticker.
How much is the monthly sticker?
It's $ 24 for each month.
I'll take the student bus pass.
Okay, I'll get you one.

I see there are some workmen on the site. When is the building work due to start?
Well, it'll take three weeks to demolish the old building and clear away the debris. We should be ready to start the construction work in week 23.
How long will the sub contractors be on site?
About ten weeks in total if everything goes according to plan.
I'm sure it will.
So, we should be able to start moving the machinery in during week 34.
I'll confirm that date with our suppliers.

Andrew's Hair Salon, this is Andrew.
Andrew, this is Linda Chen.
Hi Linda, what can I do for you?
I need to set up an appointment to get my hair fixed.
For what day?
Tuesday morning.

Have you bought a bus pass yet?
I'm not getting one.
Why is that?
It's cheaper if I don't buy one.
Buying a bus pass will save you money. How do you figure that?
There's no limit to how often you can use your bus pass.
Really? Plus, you don't have to use change for the bus anymore.
I like that.
You want to buy one now?
I'm going to.

Are you ready to order, sir?
Yes, I would like a roast duck and my friend wants steaks.
How do you like your steaks?
I'd like it medium-well.
OK, sir, wait a minute.

Hello, I want to know how much it costs to have a manicure and pedicure.
Usually it's 60 dollars for a manicure, and 80 dollars for a pedicure. But with this special discount, the total for both is only one hundred and 20 dollars, and you can get them painted.
That's nice. I'd like to give it a try. I think I like passion red. please.
Alright.Do you want your cuticles cut, too?
No. Would you like the shapes square or round?
Square. But with round at the edges, please.
All right, it's done. Please follow me to the drying section. How long will it take to get them dry?
Ten or about five minutes. You'll be all set.
I see, thank you.

Hello, this is Lucy. May I speak to Mr. Smith?
Oh, hello, Lucy. What's up?
I'm afraid I can't come to work today, Mr. Smith.
Oh, what's wrong with you?
I've got a fever and a very sore throat.
Well, you sound ill over the phone.
Yes. I have to stay in bed today, but I'll be able to come tomorrow.
That's all right. Have a good rest until you feel well enough.
Thank you, Mr. Smith. Goodbye.
Goodbye, Lucy.

Waiter, we have been waiting for 20 minutes. Would you mind hurrying?
I am sorry, sir, the fish you ordered will take a longer time because we make it with fresh fish.
That's fine. Would you please bring me some wine?
Sure, is dry white wine OK?
Yes.
Thank you.

Hi Bob, I won't be in work tomorrow.
Why, what's the problem?
I have a dentist appointment.
Okay.

I've come about your wools. According to our market survey, wools are likely to find a ready market in our country.
Wonderful?! We can meet your requirements and the offer is ready for you. Here it is. The unit price is USD 15.00 per kilogram.
Do you quote CIF or FOB?
It's FOB Shanghai. Could you quote the price of CIF Hamburg?
Certainly, that's easy. We will work out our CIF offer this evening. Could you come again tomorrow, say, at 10 AM?
Okay, see you tomorrow?!

Hi?! Do you want a fill-up?
Yes, please. Which type of gas do you want? Regular, Super, or Premium Unleaded?
What's the price difference?
Regular is $ 1.15, Super is $ 1.25 and Premium is $ 1.39.
Just fill it up with Regular, Unleaded, please. Do you want me to check the tires and the fluids?
Yes, I would. Thanks a lot.

Is your father in the habit of having naps?
Yes, all of us have naps.
Don't you feel dizzy when you have to get up?
No, not at all.

Excuse me. I need some storybooks in easy English. Do you have anything likethat?
Well, there are a lot of storybooks upstairs in our children's section. Some are written for young children, others for teens. Maybe some of them will suit your needs.
I'll go take a look. Thanks for your help.
You're welcome.

Good morning. I need to speak with the property manager, please.
Good morning. You are speaking to the property manager.
While it was raining last night, water started leaking in from the ceiling.
Was it leaking in the bedroom?
It was in the living room.
Can you tell me which floor you are on?
We are on the bottom floor.
I would like to look at the leak. Will you be home this morning?
Yes, someone will be here to let you in.
Just in case you have to leave, we will just use the master key.

How much is your last salary?
I have earned 10,000 a year including bonuses.
How much do you want us to pay you?
I like to be paid more than that. Hopefully, 150,000 a year.
To be honest, I left the company to get more income.

I hope you can help. I've got a bit of a problem with your ATM.
Of course, that's my job. Oh, dear. What's happened?
Well, it's eaten my card?! It won't give it back?!
I see... calm down, don't worry. May I ask what were you doing when it took your card?
Yes. I was only entering my PIN. I'm terrible at remembering it, I'm so forgetful, you see.
Mmmm... and exactly how many times did you enter it, please?
Maybe three times. As I said, I always forget it.
Ah?! Don't worry ; it's just a security measure. If someone uses a card and cannot get the right PIN after three attempts, the bank keeps the card in case it's stolen. Just contact the bank and we'll get it back to you.
Oh, I see. So if I call my branch they can sort everything out for me?
Yes, they'll be happy to help. Believe me, it happens to many people.
I'd better try harder to memorise my PIN in future. Thanks.

Is this the counter to pick up parcels?
Yes, it is. I want to pick up my parcels.
Please show me your parcel order.
OK. Here you are.
Let me check your parcel number. Song Ping's parcel number should be CP 06230221 5 CN.
Here is your parcel.
Thank you.
Not at all.

Hi Brittany. What are you doing with all of your clothes on your bed?
I'm trying to decide what to wear to school the first day.
Oh, A. Mom didn't tell you?
Didn't tell me what?
What? This Bs' school you're going to is going to make your life easy.
What are you talking about brother? Spill it.
Uniforms, sis, no more worrying about appearances?!
You mean I have to wear the same thing every day?
MOM?!

What would you like for your main dish?
Steak, please.
How would you like it?
Medium rare, please.
Anything else, sir? May I have a glass of red wine, please?
Of course.

Mr. Smith, do you like the hotel we booked?
Yes, we do. We like it very much.
I've come to make sure that your stay in Beijing is a pleasant one.
Thank you so much.

David, we have been doing business for three years, haven't we?
Yes, I'm glad we've had very pleasant cooperation in the previous years.
And your achievement for promoting our clothes was great in the three years. So, I wish to apply for the sole agency of your product in our local market. If you give us the agency, that will be more substantial for our cooperation.
To be frank, you are not the only one who applies for an agent for us in your country. I'd like to know some ideas of terms on which you would be willing to operate as our agent.
As we are a well-established company, we are very familiar with the customers' needs. Besides, we can make full use of our good connections with the wholesalers and retailers here and develop a good market for your products if appointed as your agent.
Sounds reasonable. I will tell my boss about you agent application. Another question, what do you think is the minimum annual sales you can guarantee?
To be on the safe side, and for garment of all materials, sizes, and styles, I think the amount will be 50,000 pieces a year.
Well. As our sole agency, you will neither handle the same or similar products of other origins nor re-export our goods to any other area outside your own.
No, certainly not.

Excuse me. I bought this circulator here yesterday but it doesn't work.
Oh, let's see what's wrong.

Where can I find the produce?
Aisle A is where you'll find all the produce.
What sales do they have today?
I'm sure something is on sale. Please check with the produce person.

Hello, this is Steven from Blue Sky Co. May I speak to Mr. James?
Speaking.
Excuse my troubling you. You purchased our products last year and now I am following up to find out about their workings. Are they still in good condition now?
Yeah, exactly?! I bought them last year. En... at present, they are still in good state.
That's it?! All of them have first-class quality and performance. Besides, we adopt advanced technology. Now we have developed new products. They are much better than what you have bought.
Your company is developing so fast. Maybe later on I will plan to buy more.
That's great?! Thanks for your support. If any, please remember to call us.
I am afraid I have to say goodbye now?!
Bye, Mr. James?!
Bye?!

Ms.Dawson, I need you to take a dictation for me.
Yes, sir... This should go out as an intra-office memorandum to all employees by this afternoon.Are you ready?
Yes, sir.Go ahead.
Attention all staff... Effective immediately, all office communications are restricted to email correspondence and official memos.The use of Instant Message programs by employees during working hours is strictly prohibited.
Sir, does this apply to intra-office communications only? Or will it also restrict external communications?
It should apply to all communications, not only in this office between employees, but also any outside communications.
But sir, many employees use Instant Messaging to communicate with their clients.
They will just have to change their communication methods. I don't want any - one using Instant Messaging in this office.It wastes too much time?! Now, please continue with the memo.Where were we?
This applies to internal and external communications.
Yes.Any employee who persists in using Instant Messaging will first receive a warning and be placed on probation.At second offense, the employee will face termination.Any questions regarding this new policy may be directed to department heads. Is that all?
Yes.Please get this memo typed up and distributed to all employees before 4 pm.

Do you have everything?
Let's see... my ID card, my passport, and my suitcase. I'm pretty sure I've got everything.

This is Dunlin. Is this Mrs Smith speaking?
Yes, what can I do for you?
I just want to call and say thank you for letting me interview yesterday.
You are welcome, Mr. Sun.
And I also want to know what the status is of the position.
Sorry, we haven't made the decision at all. But we should be making the decision by the end of this week. And we'll get in touch with you once we make it.
Do you have any questions we didn't cover in the interview?
No. Thank you, I am looking forward to hearing from you. Bye-bye.
Thank you for the calling. Bye-bye.

I often sneeze after having a bad itch inside my nose. Sometimes this is accompanied by an itching throat.
Any other discomfort?
Yes. Sometimes I can notice a constriction in the chest and shortness of breath after a fit of sneezing. And I often suffer from a running nose with a profuse watery discharge.
Does it occur seasonally or all year round?
It has been seasonal during these past three years.
Are you sensitive to other things?
Yes, things like seafood and penicillin-type drugs.
OK. Let me examine your nose. According to your case history and the examination, I believe that it's allergic rhinitis.
What useful treatment can you offer?
I'll give you a series of specific skin tests. Then we'll know exactly what substances you're allergic to. Then I'll give you some causes of desensitization therapy.

Miss, would you like to try this free sample of our new suntan cream?
Sure, why not?
This is a new product of company this year. It's oil-free.
I see. It feels very light on the skin.
It gives your skin a very natural healthy look. I like the cool smell, too.

So how can I make it?
First you make a list of what you wanna buy...
But I’Ve gotta have the budge before anything else.
Well, that’s a problem, isn’t it?

Did you have a part-time job when you were still in school?
No, I was way too busy studying all the time. How about you?
Yeah, I worked about twenty hours a week in a pizza restaurant.
What was that like?
It was always very busy there. What did you do?
I stood behind the register and took pizza orders.
Did you get any perks on the job?
Yeah, I got to eat as much pizza as I could for free.

Okay. I'd like to change some euro into US dollars, please.
Sure. How much would you like to change?
Six hundred euro.
Very good. May I see your passport?
Here you are.
How would you like your bills?
In fifties please.

Why are you reading the classifieds? What do you need?
I'm looking for a bookcase, but I don't want to buy a new one.
Are you having any luck?
Not really. There aren't any used bookcases listed. But there are a few rummage sales on Saturday. I think I'll go to them.
Do you mind if I go with you?
Not at all. These private sales are great places to bargain. And sometimes you can find terrific things among all the junk.
I learned to negotiate from my mother. I thought I was pretty good at bargaining, but I had a problem the other day at Kimble's Department Store.
What happened?
I wanted to buy a beautiful wool sweater for my girlfriend. It was priced at forty dollars, so I started by offering the salesclerk thirty.

Do you do a lot of your shopping online?
Not really. I like looking on the internet at what’s available, but I usually prefer to actually see and touch what I’m buying before I pay for it. Sometimes, I’ll look at something in a shop, but lat No. I’m a little worried about security. You never know who’s trying to find out your codes and passwords. Aren’t you worry about that?
Not really. I know that it happens, but if you buy from reputable companies with secure websites, you should be ok.
Even though I use online shopping facilities, I don’t think it’s the best way to sho
I’m surprised to hear you say that. I thought you loved anything technological.
I do. I’m a big fan of using new technology, but I don’t want to sit in front of a computer screen all day. I think people need to get out and interact with other people. So, how about coming to the department store with me? I want to see if there are any new summer clothes on sale yet.
Sure. I’d love to join you. Can we stop by the computer store? I just want to see if they have something.
Sure. While you’re in the computer store. I will visit the book store opposite. I like to browse through their books and see if they have anything interesting.
Ok. I’Ve finished online. Let’s go.
I’ll just get some money and my credit card.
Thanks for reminding me. I had forgotten to get mine.

Please help yourself at your dishes. I hope you’ll enjoy what you’Ve got.
It suits my taste. You are really a good cook.
Would you like to try my special recipe?
Wow, let me try. It tastes nice.
How did you make it?
It’s as easy as pie. I always follow recipes.

Mr. Dick. Does the recommendation of the university play an important role?
Yes. In fact, the recommendation letter written by the university is an indirect self-recommendation. In the long period of cooperation, the university has established good relationship with the companies or organizations, they trust each other well. If your university recommends you, you can be approved more easily.
But I find that most of the recommendation letters written by universities are the same. So I doubt its authority.
More and more persons have the same discoveries since most universities do that in order to save energy. If your university also does like this, you can look for other methods, because such kinds of recommendations say nothing for you. Could you tell me whether or not I send out my resume with it?
It depends. If it has something special or useful, I suggest you send it out.

Taylor, can you tell me how to apply for a job on the Internet?
Just fill out an application. Do I have to send an E-mail?
You are expected to know the E-mail address of the unit.
But I still don't know which unit is in need of staff. Send out an application through Job-wanted on the website.
Can any unit see my information?
It's a two-way choice. And your application will be read.
Which websites offer this service?
Sina, 21st Century Talent Net, and a few others.
Thank you.

Don’t throw your weight around. I can’t bear you any more.
I dare you to say that again.

Were you a leader when you were in college?
Yes. I was Propaganda department minister of our university.
Did you get any honors or awards at your university?
No. It’s a pity about it.
Were you involved in any club activities at your university?
Yes. I was a member of the basketball Society. I like playing basketball.
What extracurricular activities did you usually take part in at your college?
I sometimes played basketball and sometimes played football.

You want to argue your ticket today?
Yes. That is why I'm here.
Tell me your argument.
I was pulled over for allegedly speeding.
Are you sure you weren't speeding?
To be honest, I really wasn't.
What speed were you going?
I was under the speed limit. I was going 35, when the speed limit was 40.
I'm just going to let you go, since the arresting officer isn't here.
What about my ticket? Do I still need to pay?
Don't worry about it.
I'm so glad for your help.

Annie, do you like shopping online?
Yes, I like it, because it's convenient. Last week, I tried to buy a new cellphone online, but I didn't know how to pay for it.
First, you should open an account at the online bank. After that, you can buy anything you want online.
Are there many things online?
Sure. You can find everything all over the world. Let's check it out online?!
( They log in a shopping website. ) That's amazing. Oh, an on line virtual supermarket? Let's click to check it out. Oh, I got it. It simulates the real supermarket, which makes it feel so real.
Mom will love it. She loves shopping in supermarkets.

Ah, Bob. Just the person I wanted to see.
So what is it?
You gotta help me out this time, buddy.
Another tough thing, I guess.

Hey?! What happened??! My song was only half way through and it skipped to the next song.
I don't know what happened?! You cancelled the song, didn't you, Jack?
No, I didn't.
Really?! Then, is the machine broken or...

Good evening, Do you have a reservation?
Yes. The reservation under Mr. Watson.
Ah, yes, a table for four at 8 Em, no, thanks. I think we'll go straight to the table, By the way. may I check my overcoat here?
Certainly, sir. We'll keep it in the cloakroom for you. Here is your number. When you leave, show it to the waiter behind the counter, please.
Thank you. Could you show us to our table now? Would you please follow me, please?
Thank you. This is your table. It's Number 10.

Hello, ma’am. Can I help you? I’m looking for a sweater.
What size are you looking for?
Well, I’m looking for size 10 but you don’t have it.
How about this one? I think it looks terrific on you.
Yes, I like the color. Can I try it on?
Sure. The fitting room is on your right.
It fits well. I like it a lot. What do you think?
You look pretty in red.
Oh, it’s my favorite. How much is it?
$ 29.99.
Okay. I’ll take it. Thank you very much for your help.
You’re welcome.

Do you have any cars available?
We have only one mid-size car left.
Great, what's the rate per day?
It's 40 $ plus tax per day on limited mileage.
I'm going to need it for three days. Can I see your driver's license?
Sure, here is my driver's license.
Please sign here.

Are you ready to order? I think that we have a pretty good idea of what we would like to order.
Let me tell you about the specials of the day, which are chicken in a wine sauce with capers, and grilled garlic shrimp.
I was wondering if the chef could leave off the sauce.
The chef would be happy to accommodate your special requests.
I am a vegetarian. Do you have any vegetarian selections?
You could choose the roasted vegetable and garlic pizza or the goat cheese and candied walnut salad.
I think that we will split the roasted vegetable and garlic pizza.
That is a good selection, and I can bring your salads now or serve them with your entree.
You can bring us our salads when you bring us our entree.

I can't open this email attachment our Paris office has sent me. Are you sure you're using the right program?
Well, yes it's definitely the same program but I might have the wrong version. Their system is newer than ours.
That's why you can't open it. You'll have to upgrade before you can read the file.

What kind of character do you think you have?
Generally speaking, l am an open-minded person.
What is your strongest trait?
Cheerfulness and friendliness.
How would your friends or colleagues describe you?
They say Mr. Sun is a friendly, sensitive, caring and determined person.
What personality do you admire?
I admire a person who is honest, flexible and easy-going.
How do you get along with others?
I get on well with others.

Hi, I need to make an appointment to see the doctor.
What seems to be the problem?
I have a rash that I need a doctor to look at.
Do you have a fever with that rash?
No, it just itches a lot.
I have openings on Tuesday or Wednesday. Which would be best for you?
I need an appointment on Tuesday.
Fine, I am putting you down for 9
I would like to see Dr. Jones.
I can schedule you with him with no problem.
We look forward to seeing you.

Wow?! What's the hold up?
It’s probably just people trying to get an early start out of the city for the weekend. Nobody sticks around in the summer.
Really? Then, I guess I won’t have a hard time finding a room or getting a cab?
Actually, you might because there’s a big convention in town this weekend.
I’m not too worried about it. I always seem to find something.

Hello, how can I help you today?
I'd like to withdraw some money from my account.
Please fill out this slip stating how much you wish to withdraw.
Well, actually, it's quite a substantial amount. Here's my Bank Book. Will that cause a problem?
On your account there is no limit to over the counter withdrawals, it won't cause a problem.
Here's your money, 10,000 RIB. Please count it before you leave.
Yes, that seems to be all in order. Thanks very much.

Quality is very important to us. We work to very low tolerance levels. We need to have guaranteed supplies of consistently high quality raw materials. Over the years we've built up very good relationships with our suppliers.
Do you have many different suppliers?
Yes. There are about fifty names on our approved supplier list, but for raw materials we tend to deal with three local companies.

Mary, can you tell me how you keep in shape?
You'll never be in shape until you eat less and take more exercise. Now, tell me what you often eat.
I often eat fish and eggs. Do you eat a lot of vegetables?
Oh yes, and fruits. I love fruits very much.
What do you like to drink?
Well, I never drink alcohol, coffee or tea. Whatever would you like to drink?
I drink a lot of milk. I drink milk almost every day. How often do you exercise?
Well, I walk every day. It's a good diet and a regular exercise.
Yes, quite right.

I am sorry, but I cannot stay for the rest of class today.
Why do you need to leave early?
I don’t feel so good. What doesn’t feel right?
I feel as if I am going to be sick to my stomach.
Perhaps you should get checked out at the Student Health Center before you go home.
I have some medicine at home that I could take.
Are you going to be OK to drive home, or would you like someone to go with you?
Thank you, but my friend is in the library, and he can give me a ride home.
We hope that you are feeling better soon. E-mail me if you have any questions.

Your boyfriend is so considerate to you. When do you plan to marry?
It’s still up in the air. There is something wrong between us.

We're considering of ordering 200 computers, but I'm wondering about the price you'll possibly offer.
Our price will be not less than $ 5000.
Your price is higher than I expected. Could you give us a little discount?
This is already our best price. But the price is always negotiable and you should consider our quantity of order.
Well, what would you suggest? Could you make it $ 4500?
I'm afraid that there is no room to negotiate the price. This is the best price we can quote.
Can we meet each other half way?
What do you mean? Let's close the deal at $ 4800, OK?
You drive a hard bargain?! OK, that's a deal.

I'm now on the Songshan airport getting ready for departure. I realized that I might have left my watch.
Yes, Ma'am. May I have your name and room number?
My name is Terry. I stayed last night in your hotel in room 132. What kind of watch is it?
It's a brand-new Seiko wrist watch.
Yes, we have it.
Oh, I'm glad to hear that. Would you kindly send it to the Hilton Hotel?

What are your thoughts on the apartment?
I think that it’s absolutely gorgeous.
There aren’t any problems with the apartment?
I think that the apartment looks very nice, but I do see some problems.
What problems?
I did notice a few stains in the carpet.
We will have the carpet cleaned before you move in.
You will?
Yes, but other than that, are there any more problems?
That was the only thing that I saw that was wrong with the apartment.
I’m happy that you find this apartment so appealing.
It is. I love it.

That China-gown of Tang-Dynasty style is so beautiful. Would you show it to me, please?
Absolutely. Here it is.
Could I try it on?
Please do, the fitting-room is over there.
It feels a little tight around the waist. Do you have a bigger one?
I'm sorry. We don't have this color in your size. We have some green ones in your size. Would you please have a look at this green one?
OK. How much does it cost?
It's 486 yuan.
Mmm, it is reasonable.

Mrs. Wang, would you give us an idea of the price you regard as workable?
As I said before, your price is so high that we find it difficult to make a bid. We hope you will take the initiative and bridge the gap.
Just to comply, we're ready to reduce the price by 5 percent. I hope this concession of ours will get the ball rolling.
So do we. Certainly it's a step forward on your side. But the gap is still too wide.
The ball is in your court, Mrs.Wang. What price would you suggest?
To make your offer workable, I think you should take another step down as big as the one you've just taken.
That won't do. You see, our profit margin is very narrow. It simply can't stand such a big cut.
I hate to disappoint you, Mr. Brown, but if that's the case, we have no alternative but to cover our requirements elsewhere.
Do think it over, please. We sincerely hope our discussion will come to a successful conclusion.
Well, I'm not authorized to agree to such a big reduction. Would you mind waiting a day or two, until I get a reply from the home office?
Not at all. Shall we meet again, say, on Friday morning?
Good. Friday morning at 9.

Good morning. Good morning.This is Mary.Can I speak to Anne please?
I’m sorry She isn’t in at the moment. She will come back at half past nineCan I take a message for her?
Thank you.But I will call her later
OK.Goodbye.
Goodbye.

Hi, Jane. How are you doing this morning?
I’m all right, thanks. Just a little tired.
Late night?
Yeah, I got home around two.

We've been waiting here for nearly ten minutes now, and there still isn't a bus in sight. I'm afraid we'll be late for the party. Have you got the time, Tom?
Yes, my watch says a quarter to seven. but there is something wrong with my watch?!
But you bought it only last month.
Yes, but ever since I bought it, it gains about five minutes a day, so I' Ve got to have it repaired.
How long will it take us to get there?
I think about ten minutes by bus.
It's not far away, then. Let's walk, it's beginning to rain.
Wait?! I think I see a bus coming now.
Let's hope it's the No. 22 bus.

Hi, Mr. Smith. I'm Doctor Hawkins. Why are you here today?
I found it would be a good idea to get a check-up.
Yes, well, you haven't had one for 5 years. You should have one every year.
I know. I figure as long as there is nothing wrong, why go see the doctor?
Well, the best way to avoid serious illnesses is to find out about them early. So try to come at least once a year for your own good.
Ok. Let me see here. Your eyes and ears look fine. Take a deep breath, please. Do you smoke, Mr. Smith?
Yes.
Smoking is the leading cause of lung cancer and heart disease, you know. You really should quit.
I've tried hundreds of times, but I just can't seem to kick the habit.
Well, we have classes and some medications that might help. I'll give you more information before you leave.
Ok, thanks doctor.

Good afternoon. Mr. Tylor's office?
I'm afraid you've got the wrong extension.
I'm sorry, but could you please transfer this call to Mr. Tylor's office?
Sure, please hold on.
Thank you. Now Mr. Tylor's on the line. Go ahead, please.
You are so kind, you helped me a lot.
You are welcome. Bye?!

Good afternoon, Lexington Software. Angelina Dawson, how can I help?
Hello, this is Quinn from IBA.
Ah, hello Quinn. Oh dear, you are calling to tell me there is a problem, aren't you?
I'm afraid so, yes.
Hmm... well, it was my first attempt?! Is it a very big mistake, or can we just alter it?
Unfortunately it's rather a big mistake.
What do you recommend we do?
I would recommend we scrap this one and you bring in another set as soon as possible.
I trust your judgement. Thank you, Quinn. I'll be back tomorrow with a new set. Bye for now.

Oh?!?!?! I have a horrible toothache.
You should go to the dentist.
I hate dentists.
Well, suffer then. If you have a toothache, you have to go to the dentist. It always hurts.
I hate going.
Stop being such a baby. If it really hurts that much, just let them knock you out.
O. K., O. K., I’ll go.
Good. You'll feel better after you do.

Hi, I would like to purchase a one way ticket to Brussels, please.
Certainly sir, this is our train schedule. We have an express train departing every morning and an overnight train that departs at nine pm.
How long does it take to get there?
About twelve hours. We currently have tickets available only for first class on the express train. If you’d like, you can choose a sleeper on the overnight train which is a bit less expensive.
Yeah, I think that is the best option. Do you serve food on the train? Twelve hours is such a long time?!
Yes, of course. There is a dining car towards the front of the train where they serve meals at all times. We do provide complimentary water and coffee for all of our passengers.
Great?! I’ll take it. Here you are sir. Your train leaves from platform number nine at nine on the dot. Remember to be here at least thirty minutes before your scheduled departure time or else you might miss your train?!
I understand. Thank you very much?! Have a great trip.

I would like to take a trip to the beach this weekend.
A trip to the beach would be fun. How is the weather going to be?
The forecast says that it will be warm on the weekend.
So do you think it'll be perfect weather for the beach?
It sounds like it will be. I really hope it doesn't get cold. That would ruin things, I want to go so badly.
The weather in California is unpredictable, so you never know.
That is true. The weather is constantly changing. It would be nice if the weather would never change.
That would be great, then we could plan things sooner. True.
Predictable weather would make life easier.

Some companies use to ban dating among employees, but now they have realized it is something in avertable. People spend so much time at work. It is not surprising for one to have a crash on the other. If we think positively, office love can be beneficial to company.
Beneficial? I don’t think so. If two employees get married, they will leave at the same time for a honeymoon, or later one of them will stay at home taking care of babies. If they break up, the company will probably have to relocate one of them to make the workplace more comfortable. By any means, the company must spare extra efforts to solve problems brought by an office dating.
But if two employees are in love, they will be happy. Happy people are more productive. If they develop an intimate relation with each other, they are willing to share knowledge and experience. It can help to improve work efficiency.
I doubt that.

Do you eat a lot of healthy food?
Compared with healthy food, unhealthy food just tastes so much better. And anyway, I believe if you live a low stress Life and are active, you can get away with eating whatever you like. It's all in the mind.
You have the point. I think cancer is caused by more worry than by the things we consume. Some good things you should try are cranberry juice, wild rice and yoghurt.
What's special about these things?
Cranberry juice is very good for destroying harmful bacteria in your guts because it's very acidic. Wild rice is high in fibre so it's good for your guts and it's high in protein and minerals-I think it's also tastier than normal rice. Yoghurt's good because it's also rich in protein, vitamins and is also acidic. People have been making yoghurt for thousands of years and if you have it every day, your guts will be much more settled.
Thanks. I'm going to follow your advice and pop down to the supermarket right now.

I've been so tired recently. I've been trying, but I don't think I'm up to this job.
You need to take a break, maybe a vacation. Oh, yes, indeed. I've run out of steam.
To be honest, I want to be in a different environment.
Is that so?
Yes, I don't want to be stuck in a rut. I want to move on.
Have you decided?
Yes. I want to get a better job.
Could you tell me why you want to quit?
I quit just because of the dissatisfying salary and the trouble in getting along with my colleagues.
Oh, that's terrible. Do you want to get a higher salary in our company?
I'm afraid not. I've promised my girlfriend. We'll travel southwards to find a job that offers higher pay.
OK, I'd like to say that I've really enjoyed working with you. However, I think you should work harder for your new job and then you can ask for higher pay.
Thank you so much for your advice. And every best wish for your new job.
Thank you.

The train is leaving. Hurry up?! Which car are we in?
Let me see. Oh, No. 11. Here we are, Car 11. Let's get in.
Seats No. 20 and 21. It’s nice that we’Ve got a window seat.
Let's put our suitcases on the rack.
Oh, the baggage rack is full. Put them under the seat for the time being.
All right.

So, how should we get to the theatre? Let's take the bus.
I hate the bus system in London?! The bus drivers are rude, the buses are never on time, and there are few people around who can help you.
It's not that bad. You probably just had a bad experience once.
It wasn't just once. Every single time I take the bus, something bad happens to me or to someone else on the bus.
We could take the subway, but we'd have to go three stops along one line and then change trains twice. Train fares are twice as expensive as the bus fare, too.
If we don't hurry up, we'll miss the show. Should we take the bus?
We're already late, so I think we had better take a taxi.
I don't think we'll be able to find a taxi very easily during hush hours. Let's just take the bus.
Fine. Have a look at the timetable to find out when the next one arrives.
It looks like it should be here in just a few minutes. don't worry. Nothing bad will happen. I'll even buy your ticket for you.
Thanks, that was nice of you.
See, now something good has happened to you on a bus trip?!

Let's go over this plan again. From Vancouver, we bike along the border all the way to Winnipeg. And that is mostly flat, right?
Relatively, once we're out of Alberta, anyway. Then it's hills again in Aitoba.
And from Winnipeg we go around the lakes through Toronto, right?
That's right. And up in to Quebec. And that's where we stop.
It doesn't sound like that much when we go over the plan but that's a long, long ride. Are you ready for the cross country of a lifetime?

Good morning, sir. What can I do for you?
I'm Bill. I'm in Room 908. Can you change the room for me? It's too noisy. My wife was woken up several times by the noise the baggage elevator made. She said it was too much for her.
I'm awfully sorry, sir. I do apologize. Room 908 is at the end of the corridor. It's possible that the noise is heard early in the morning when all is quiet.
Anyhow, I'd like to change our room.
No problem, sir. We'll manage it, but we don't have any spare room today. Could you wait till tomorrow? The American People-to-people Education Delegation will be leaving tomorrow morning. There'll be some rooms for you to choose from.
All right. I hope we'll be able to enjoy our stay in a quiet suite tomorrow evening and have a sound sleep.
Be sure. I'll make a note of that. Everything will be taken care of. And if there is anything more you need, please let us know.

It's time for bed.
I'm not ready to go to sleep. I'm not tired.
It's quite late, and you have an early day tomorrow.
I'm not going to be able to fall asleep.
Why don't you try counting sheep?
I've tried that before. It really doesn't work.
That's beside the point, you still need to go to bed.
Why can't I just stay up until I fall asleep?
If I let you do that, then you're just going to be up all night.
I promise I'll go to sleep soon.
No, you're going to sleep now, so good night.
See you in the morning.

I see myself as being honest, diligent, persevering and creative. And I have a strong sense of responsibility.
How about your psychological resilience?
I think I can work well under pressure, if necessary.
How would you deal with those who are not easy to get along with?
I will just be sincere and friendly to others, and I believe they will treat me the same way.
You seem to be a kind-hearted lady.
Thank you. I simply believe the goodness of human nature.
Please tell me your weaknesses if you can.
I should admit that sometimes I care too much about the details. I am always in pursuit of perfection.

Karen? I need to go over a few things with you.
Certainly. Mr. Graham. When would you like to meet?
I was thinking about this afternoon, after the sales meeting.
Fine. At 3:30?

I believe we' Ve met before. My name's David.
Yes, at your company, I think. I'm Frank.
Oh, I remember now.Very nice to meet you again.
Nice meeting you, too.

I made my little brother cry.
Shame on you?!

I need some mascara. Do you have good thickening mascara?
Of course. Here is our thickening mascara. We also have mascara designed to lengthen the eyelashes.
Alright. And I want to consider your eye shadow too. Do you have a color chart can look at?
We have a very wide selection of colors. And our eye shadow is specially designed to moisturize the skin. So it is very gentle on your eyelids. Would you like to sample some?
Oh, sure I will need to clean off my own eye shadow first.
I can help you with that.
Thank you.

Is this the baggage claim area for flight KB256?
Yes, we are on the same plane.
But I am a transfer passenger. I have a connecting flight to Miami.
So you have to bring your baggage to the transfer check-in area.
Yes.It' s quite troublesome. Why not go and find a porter?

Billy, you don’t look too well. Maybe you should take the day off school.
But Mom?! Today we’re playing football?! I love football?!
You’Ve got a fever and playing football isn’t a good idea for a boy with a fever.
What’s that on your arm?
I don’t know. It was there when I woke up this morning.
It’s rash. I’d better take you to see the doctor.
How did you get that bruise on your leg?
I bashed it against the chair in my room.
Does it hurt?
A little, but not much. Here. Put this wet towel on your face to keep your temperature down. I’ll take you to the doctor’s after breakfast.
If I’m better this afternoon, can I go to school?
If you are better, but I doubt you will be.

This is your schedule.
You're going out of your way for us, I believe.
You are our honored guests.

Are there any vacancies still available?
Yes. We need a plumber here.
I am looking for a job that is more advanced than that, such as sales manager or regional manager.
I am sorry. They are not available now.

My name is Mary, and I will be your waitress tonight.
Thank you, Mary. We have been looking forward to trying out this restaurant.
Before your main course, would you like to order an appetizer?
Sure, that sounds great. Where are your appetizers listed?
There is a special appetizer menu right here in the center of the table.
The chicken and cheese quesadilla looks good. Is that pretty good?
You know, that is one of my favorites?!
OK, I'll take one order of that.
You could choose another appetizer for half price to share.
Perfect?! Please add on an order of onion rings.

I am waiting for a fax but just now I found there's something wrong with the fax machine.
What's wrong with the fax machine? Is it urgent?
Yes, very urgent. And there is no other fax machine around. And the office of our boss is closed, so I can not use his machine either. And his secretary is out. Do you have any suggestion?
Either call this extension number 0085 or ask them to send the fax to you as e-mail, you print it out.

I would like to speak to you, if you don’t mind.
What would you like to speak to me about?
I would like to talk to you about this year’s election.
Is that right? I am a volunteer for this year’s campaign.
That’s wonderful. I am impressed at someone so young taking a stand. I know history is about to be made, and I would like to be a part of it.
That’s fantastic. Are you planning on voting?
I’m going to vote. Go to your polling place early on Election Day.
I will.
Good luck with your volunteering.

We hope that there will be no repetition of this kind of trouble in the future.
Yes. I promise it will not happen again.
We look forward to your settlement at an early date.
We will inform you as soon as possible.

Hello, Steven. How do you get along with your job?
Actually, I learn many things from it. I find that I am a quick learner in new things.
Practice makes perfect. By the way, what do you learn from your job?
At first I didn't know anything about the machine. Now I know how to operate it. Besides, the work gives me a sense of fulfillment and achievement.
Yeah, you are a good learner. I must commend you for your good performance.
Thank you. That's a long way to go for my job.
I appreciate your effort very much. The coffee break is over ; it's about time we set to work.
OK, let's go.

Where on earth are we?
Judging by all the traffic, I'd say we're near the outskirts of the city.
What did I do wrong? Did I take a wrong turn?
I'm not sure, but I think you turned right when you should have turned left on the flyover bridge.
Well, now we should turn back a few kilometres. It seems that the traffic sign is much more important than the map.

Hello. Front desk.
Yes. This is Bob Robinson. I’m calling from room number 627.
Hi, Bob. What can I do for you? Is it possible to change to another room?
Could you please tell me why? My room is facing the swimming pool. It’s noisy for me. I have a problem sleeping. And I feel uncomfortable when I take an elevator.
So you need a quiet side room on the lower floor.
You’re right. Okay. Let me check for a room on the first floor.
Thank you.
I’Ve only two rooms on the first floor. How about room 108?
That’s fine. Can I move now?
Sure. I’ll send the bellman to help you.
Oh, thank you kindly.
You’re welcome.

How long will it take for our order to be delivered?
Let's see. You are importing fifty containers of textiles from China. They should be able to place your order before the end of next week. It will take 2 days for shipping to the port city of Ningpo. The freight will take 3 weeks on the open ocean and will arrive in Los Angeles approximately a month from today. Domestic shipping will be your responsibility, you can make arrangements with the pier in Los Angeles.
Fine, we will handle domestic shipping, but what about customs? Will we have to pay tariff on our imports?
I hope we don't run into any problems with the border control.
No, the Chinese company has that all worked out. With the paperwork you receive with the shipment, you should be good to go.

Now you're my boss, Mr. Henry. Do you have any other particular conditions that you would like the company to take into consideration?
No, nothing in particular. You may ask questions about us, if you have any.
All right. When can I start?

What are you doing here today?
I would like to fight my ticket.
Is the arresting officer in the courtroom today?
Yes, the officer is here today. What's your case?
I was pulled over for running a red light, but I never did.
Do you believe that the officer lied?
There was a camera on the signal. So, he was obviously lying.
Your license plate was caught on camera?
A picture of my license plate was never taken.
Since there is no picture of your license plate on record, I'm going to let you go.
Thank you. I'm glad that you believe me.

Hey Joe, what are you doing in this department store?
Hi, Rita, I'm just looking for a pair of shoes. I won't be here for long.
Why not? When I go shoe shopping, I have so many options for sneakers that I spend awhile looking at all of the choices.
That's my problem. I don't have a lot of options. What do you mean?
This is a big store, isn't it?
Yes, but I have unusually big feet. That wouldn't be too much of a problem except that they're also very wide, and only a few brands sell shoes that I can fit into.
So how do you usually go about buying shoes, then?
Well, first of all, I can only go to certain stores that can guarantee me a large selection.
Well, you're in the right store. If they don't have it, no one will.
After that I choose something from one of the few brands that I know will fit me. I prefer white, so I ask them to bring me a pair of white sneakers in my size. Since I’m usually only given one or two pairs of shoes that meet my qualifications, it makes it a very easy choice.

what shall we do after the volleyball match?
how about going to the Olympic souvenir store to have a look? I remember there is one in the gym.
that's a good idea. I was thinking of buying some gifts for my family. me, too.
What did you have in mind?
I haven't decided yet, but I think the Olympic Mascots are a must.
I agree. They're very lovely, especially " Huan Huan ".
is that the red one? That is my favorite, too. Do you know how much they are?
the five dolls are sold together as a set, and they're priced according to the size. The bigger they are the more expensive.
oh, I see. If I buy more than a set, can I get any discount?
I don't think so. All the souvenirs of the Olympic Games are very hot right now.
any other ideas?
there are lots of things, such as postcards, key chains, posters and various arts and crafts.
it all sounds great. We can go there after the match. I can't wait to see what they have.

Mom?! I hate eating vegetables?!
You don’t have to eat them. I don’t mind.
Thanks mom?! Can I have dessert now? I love chocolate cake?!
No dessert for you unless you eat all your vegetables.
But I don’t like them?! It’s not fair?!
You can have some fruit for dessert. If you eat an apple and a banana, I might let you have a small piece of chocolate cake.
Ok... actually, I don’t mind eating peas and carrots, buy I hate broccoli and cauliflower.
I’ll remember that for next time. You’ll get extra peas and carrots, buy no broccoli or cauliflower. OK?
Thanks mom?!

It was very kind of you to give me a tour of the place. It gave me a good idea of your product range.
It’s a pleasure to show our factory to our customers. What’s your general impression, may I ask?
Very impressive, indeed, especially the speed of your NW Model. That’s our latest development. A product with high performance.
We put it on the market just two months ago. The machine gives you an edge over your competitors, I guess.
Certainly. No one can match us as far as speed is concerned.
Could you give me some brochures for that machine? And the price if possible.
Right. Here is our sales catalog and literature.
Thank you. I think we may be able to work together in the future.

Is the factory fully-automated?
Not completely. Our production process is partially-automated. We use robots on the production line for routine assembly jobs but some of the work is still done manually.
What about supply of parts to the production line?
Well, the parts are automatically selected from the store room using a bar-code system. And there is an automatic feeder which takes them to the conveyor belt at the start of the production line.
What about the smaller components?
They're transported to the workstations on automated vehicles - robot trucks - which run on guide rails around the factory.

I'm glad you're on your ten-year reunion planning committee.
Yeah, you get the TV to yourself while I spend my nights surfing the Net for missing classmates. That's not why. This way I can see how you guys do this sort of thing.
I guess. Don't you have reunions in Taiwan?
Definitely. Every year. But just for our forty-person class. Ours are for everyone that graduated in the same year.

What does your job involve?
I'm the Project Manager so I have to make sure our projects run smoothly. I work with three Project Engineers. They take care of after-sales service and look after the maintenance side of the business.

How many languages can you speak?
Besides Chinese, I can speak English and French. You mean you can read and write both of them?
No, I can only carry on a simple conversation in French.
Can you read and write English well?
I can speak the language better than read and write.
Do you speak the language well enough to communicate with people of English-speaking countries?
I think so. I used to be an interpreter. Do you think your English is good enough to do desk work?
The amount of English I know enables me to do general desk work. I believe what I know is sufficient to work in an American firm.

What can I get for you? Here is the menu.
Let me have a look. Well, how many kinds of steaks do you have?
We have sirloin steaks, pepper steak, and filet steak.
Is there something go with the filet steak?
Yes, we have various sauces.
What about the gravy?

Are you ready to go shopping?
Just a minute. I need to make a list of thinks that we need.
Good idea. Have you written down potatoes, carrots, and onions?
I don’t have onions on my list. I’ll add them. We should get some tea. Is green tea ok or should we get the same tea that we usually get?
Let’s get both. We need some coffee too. Is that on your list?
Yes, it is. Here’s my list. Is there anything that I’Ve forgotten?
I think you’Ve got everything. I want to got some chocolate and some cheese.
What kind of cheese do you want.
I’m not sure. I’ll decide at the cheese counter, when I can see what they have.
Have we got enough money?
We don’t have enough cash, so I’ll take my credit card and we can pay with that.
Where are the car keys?
I’Ve got them there. Shall I drive?

Hello, can you tell me how to use the telephone?
If you want to order meals, call 8801.If you need other help, call 8803 and someone will be there.
Thank you so much. By the way, is there a mail service?
Yes, you can take your letters to the counter over there.

I am afraid that the fax machine in my room won’t be working till tomorrow. A technician has just come and checked it. He will bring me a new one tomorrow. It seems there is a big problem with mine and it will take some days for repairing. Can I use the one in your office?
Of course you can. I am sure this one works very well. I just sent dozens of pages. How many pages are you sending? Are you familiar with my fax machine?
Yes, I think you have the same model as I have.
Does your fax machine print out immediately a transmission protocol?
Yes, it will print immediately.

How many years have you done business with China?
Let me see, about five years, we established our business relationship with Hua Mei of China Import & Export Corporation in 2003.
Do you have any difficulties in doing business in China? You know the Chinese economic legislation is still incomplete?
I don't think I have any problem with our Chinese partners. They have always followed the contract strictly. We can do business directly with the corporation. As I mentioned before, the Chinese government is trying very hard to perfect its law. Its commercial legislation provides legal protection for foreign companies.
Well, it's known that the Sino-American relation is in a dilemma. Does it influence your business in China?
Actually not at present. But we are afraid it will. You know policies influence business to some extent.
I hope our government will not be influenced by some extremists. China is really a large market. We don't want to lose it.
Thank you.
You're welcome.

Give me a pack of first-class stamps, please.
Here you are. That will be five dollars. Anything else?
Yes. I want some post cards and some airmail stamps. I want to send some letters to South America.
Just a moment, I'll look up the rate for air-mail letters to South America.
Can you tell me how much it will cost to send a package to Colombia? Also, I what to know how long it will take.
Do you have the package with you? I would have to weigh it to see how much it would cost. Do you insure package?
Yes. All you have to do declare the value of the package and decide how much you want to insure it for.
Is there a way that I can be sure that the people in South america receive my package?
The post office rarely loses package. You can, however, request a rectum receipt.
One last question-what are your hours?
We open at eight-thirty in the morning and close at five-thirty in the afternoon.
Thank you, you helped me a lot.

Hello, thank you for taking the time to interview me.
Hi there, I’m Bill Gotcha, the owner of Gotcha Enterprises. Did you find your way here OK?
Your assistant gave wonderful directions.
Why are you switching jobs at this point in your career?
Our Company is moving overseas and I wish to stay in the United States.
What are you best at?
I am good at organizing systems that have been having problems.
What is your biggest challenge in terms of skills?
I don’t like to sit around and so like to always find things to do to keep myself busy.
That is good to hear?!

Good morning. SRC international. How may I help you?
Good morning. I'd like to speak to Peter. Chen Please.
Certainly. Who should I say is calling?
This is Tim. Hunter from Hunter industries.
And what is it regarding please?
We have an appointment for this afternoon. Mr. Chen will know why I'm calling.
Of course, Please hold the line Mr. Hunter.

Right, let me run through your options. You can go ahead and cash your undue Large-Amount Deposit Certificate if you really want to, but I'd recommend a Personal Durable Commodities Loan.
OK, what does that entail?
It's not too much trouble to do it this way and remember, your certificate is due in 2 months. If you can hold on to it, it'll be much better for your finances.
Yes, it does seem a little silly to cash it now. I'll probably need about 25,000 RIB. Will that be a problem?
Not at all, Mr Zu. As the certificate is due in 2 months, you can get the loan on mortgage of that certificate.
I'm glad you thought of this. I'd have just gone ahead and cashed it?! And I suppose I can use the money from the certificate to pay back this Personal Durable Commodities Loan and I won't lose any interest, right?
Exactly right. If you'd like to go ahead, I can process that for you now, Mr Zu.
Absolutely, Jenny. Thanks very much, I think you've saved me quite a lot of money today.

My aunt told me one of her secrets--cellophane tape. I just got it at the special health store. It's for my flabby arms.
Let me know how it works. I have to say, I have had enough of this roller coaster.
I know what you mean. I'm like a yo-yo. Last week I was down to 60 kilos. This week I had one donut more. Now I'm up to 62 kilos.

May I have a menu, please?
Of course. Could you tell me how this thing is cooked? Lobster?
It is steamed and served with our special sauce.
Is it good?
Sure. It is a most popular dish.
I think I will try some lobster, and give me some green salad together.

Can’t you come in and have tea now, Peter?
Not yet, I must water the garden first.
Do you have to water it now?
I’m afraid I must. Look at it?! It’s terribly dry.
What a nuisance?! Last summer it was very dry, too. Don’t you remember? I had to water it every day.
Well, I’ll have tea by myself.
That was quick?! Have you finished already? Yes, Look out of the window. It’s raining.
That means you needn’t water the garden.
That was a pleasant surprise. It means I can have tea, instead.

I'm broke, and I have to catch another bus.
Why don't you have any money for another bus?
I got hungry and bought some chips.
That was smart.
Anyway, do you have any change I can use for the bus?
I don't have any.
I don't know how I'm going to get home.
Get a transfer from the bus driver.
How much is a transfer?
It doesn't cost anything.
That's great?! Thanks for your help.
You know what? Don't mention it.

Hello, Anna. Come in and sit down.
Hello, doctor.
What's the matter? I've got a backache.
Do you often suffer from backache?
No, I don't. I've never had a bad one before. When did it start?
About four days ago.
Well, go home and rest in bed for two days, then you'll feel better. Can you give me some medicine? It's very painful.
Yes, I'll give you some pills. Take one a time and three times a day, and come back in three days. If you don't feel...

Welcome on board. May I see your boarding pass?
Here you are. Your seat is three, in the third row, near the window.
Thank you. Where can I put my suitcase?
Either in the overhead compartment or underneath the seat.
Everyone's attention, please. We are going to take off. Please fasten your belts.

Hello, madam. How do you like your staying here?
Quite good. Excuse me, are there any places of interest?
Yes, there are so many near our hoteI. Three blocks away from here, there is temple. It's famous for its building and paintings. lt' s worth visiting.
Thank you. I think today we will go there.

You're here to make a deposit, is that correct?
Right. I'd like to deposit 2,000 RIB into my Current Account.
No problem. Could I have the cash and your Bank Book, please?
Oh dear... there seems to be some problems here... What? What's wrong?
I'm sorry but 5 of these notes seem to be counterfeit. Look at this watermark, do you see it?
It does look a little strange, I didn't notice that before.

Hello, sir. Is there anything I can help you find?
Um... Uh... I'm just looking, thanks.
Need a gift for your girlfriend or wife...
No, no, no. I'm just browsing. Thanks anyway.
Well, if you need anything, just ask. Um... well, where's the men's shoe department?
It's on the third floor. Turn left when you get off the escalator.
Thanks.

An idea about killing time on a train?
I advise you to read Playboy.You can get a lot from it.
But there's quite a lot of rumors about it.
That's why it's interesting.

Have you brought the receipt with you?
No, I don't. I left it home.
Sorry, but we can't do anything without the receipt. Come back with it.
I didn't know. I'll go to get it. How late will you be open?
Till 5:30.

I haven't told you what happened yet, have I?
I haven't heard anything.
My boss offered me a promotion, and I took it.
Are you serious?
Yes, I am really excited.
That's great. Congratulations?!
Thank you.
Actually, I could not believe it at first. You know, there're so many outstanding people in our company. Many of them are qualified to fill that position.
Sure, but you really did great and outperformed the others. You deserved it?!
Thank you very much.

I like Chinese food.
I like Chinese food, too. I like dumplings best. At school, we sometimes have Chinese food for lunch.
That's good. We eat Chinese food only at the Chinese restaurant.
My mother can make some Chinese food.
Really? That's wonderful?!

OK. Come back into the classroom, class.
Does the class start again, Mam?
Yes, but to the heath, this break has last long enough.
Oh, breaktime flies. come on, baby. It’s time now.
Mam, another minute, could I?
Hurry up, little boy.

What's the actual flight time from here to San Francisco?
It's about twelve hours.
Can you tell me what time we're arriving?
Sure. Let me see... at 6:15 a. m. local time.
I see. And that'll be 10:15 p. m. Beijing time.

Excuse me, but I'm not feeling too well. I think I'm going to throw up.
There's an airsickness bag behind the seat that's in front of you.
I must've missed it. Is this your first time flying?
Yes. I'm going to San Francisco.
Oh, it's a beautiful city. I think you'll like it.
Hey, I'm feeling much better already.
Sometimes if you don't think about it, that sick feeling will go away on its own.
Thanks.
By the way, my name is Mary.
I'm Frank. Nice to meet you.

Welcome to Al's Bakery. What can I get you?
Hi?! Let me get a dozen croissants, four blueberry muffins and a loaf of sourdough bread.
Sure. Would you like to have the loaf sliced?
No, that's OK. Do you have any whole wheat bread?
We are out at the moment. May I suggest some rye bread?
Sure that sounds good. Do you have any cakes?
We have various birthday cakes and also ice cream cakes.
I'll just take a cheesecake.
Will that be all?
Yes.
Your total is forty three dollars and twenty cents.
You got it.

Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, we are happy you have all come out for our training workshop. Today we have a great line-up of speakers to talk to you. First on our program is a well-renown expert in the field of international economic development, Harvard's own Dr. James Smith. Dr. Smith has been involved in economic research for over twenty years, and has taught at Harvard since 1995. And now, without further adieu, we'd like to welcome Mr. James Smith.
Thank you, Mr. Jackson, ladies and gentlemen, colleagues, friends. The subject of my talk is international relations in a morgen world. I plan to say a few words about the current situation in the Middle East and how it affects world economy. I'd like to give you an overview of the way that the economies of seemingly unrelated countries are intertwined. I've divided my talk into three parts, first an overview of international relations, second a discussion of current political situations, and lastly trends for the future. My presentation will take about two hours, but there will be a twenty-minute break in the middle. We'll stop for lunch at 12.

You're looking rather pale, why?
I couldn't sleep well recently.
You'd get plenty of sleep for you work so hard.
I always drink too much wine in the evening.
You shan't drink more wine in the evening.
Yes, you are right.
And you'd take some exercise every day.
Many thanks for your advice.

Hello Mrs Parker, how have you been?
Hello Dr Peters. Just fine thank you. Ricky and I are here for his vaccines.
Very well. Let's see, according to his vaccination record, Ricky has received his Polio, Tetanus and Hepatitis B shots. He is 14 months old, so he is due for Hepatitis A, Chickenpox and Measles shots.
What about Rubella and Mumps?
Well, I can only give him these for now, and after a couple of weeks I can administer the rest.
OK, great. Doctor, I think I also may need a Tetanus booster. Last time I got it was maybe fifteen years ago?!
We will check our records and I'll have the nurse administer and the booster as well. Now, please hold Ricky's arm tight, this may sting a little.

I’m interested in teaching at your school.
Great. Are you a qualified teacher?
Yes.
What kind of teaching certificate do you have?
I have a TEFL certificate.
How many years of experience do you have?
I have three years of teaching ESL and four years of teaching per-school children.
When did you get your TEFL certificate?
I got my TEFL certificate three years ago.
Why do you want to teach at our school?
Well, I’Ve heard many good things about it. I also like teaching young children.
That’s great. Can you speak Chinese?
Yes, just a little.
Can you come in for an interview tomorrow at 10:00?
I sure can.
Great. See you then.

Why is the car before us stopping?
What's going on? Look. Two cars are standing right in the middle of the road and the drivers are shouting rude words to each other.
That's why that car stops.
More and more people easily get irritated while driving.
Yes. This is what is called road rage.

This is today’s schedule. At 8 thirty AM, conference with the department managers. At 9 o’clock, live for the workshop where you’ll award prizes to the staff for preventatives.
That’s great. What are the prizes?
3000 RIB as bonus for each person. To encourage the staff increases.
Ok. Next thing is laying the corner-stone for the new plant at 10 AM. At 12 AM, back here for lunch. What about the afternoon? At 2 PM, give a presentation here with the press. At four o’clock sharp, have dinner with Mr. Smith, manager of NCC.

This is Lincoln Bank, Consumer Credit Department. How can I help you?
Ah, hello. I'm calling to find out how I apply for a car loan.
We offer a Personal Automobile Consumer Loan. The application process is pretty straight forward. I trust you have enough funds to cover the 20 % down payment?
Yes, I do. It's ready and waiting in my account.
The next step is for us to recommend a dealer to you, who are already contracted to us, so...
Could I just stop you there? Sorry to interrupt, but I have already been to your appointed dealer and selected the car I want.
That will certainly cut down the processing time. We can move on to the next step. Do you have the purchase price?
Yes, it's 110,000 RIB. So, with the down payment done, I will need to borrow 70,000 RIB.
What we need you to do next is to come into the branch with a correctly filled in application form, ID card, proof of residency, proof of income, the agreement from the agent and of course the 20 % down payment.
Yes, I have everything here.
OK, I'll come in and see you later today. Maybe I could have my new car as early as next week?! How exciting?!

Hi, my name is Tom.
Tom, the new sales representative? Nice to meet you?! I'm Melinda.
Nice to meet you too.Melinda. Now let me show you around. This is our reception area, and our conference room is right over there. Over here is the sales department.
Really? This is a nice office, but it's quite small.
Yeah... You can make photocopies and send faxes over there.
It looks like you guys work hard.
I tell you what just between you and me, we just mess things up so that it looks like we work hard.Just kidding.
Oh, your cubicle is over the. And this way. Those are all private offices the managers offices.
Hmm... Tell me more details about our jobs.
Sure thing.

What do you think of our price? Your price has gone up sharply, hasn't it?
Yes. We regret we cannot maintain our original price. Since the prices of the raw materials have been raised, we have to adjust the price of our products accordingly.
I agree with you there, but your price is unreasonable.
I don't think so. You must compare our price with that of other export houses. I'm sure our offer is in line with the prevailing market price level.
I don't think we'll be able to pay the price.
To have this business concluded, you need to lower your price at least by 3 %.
I’m afraid that there is no room for any reduction in price.
Don't you agree with me that in the long run, moderate prices will bring about large sales and more profit?
We've already cut down our price to cost level.
Is that all?
Yes, this is the best we can do.
I'm sorry we can't handle the price you offered.

So, Jimmy, how does it feel to have your own money?
It’s great, dad. I don’t mind delivering papers, but the real fun is collecting the money.
Even though you are only twelve, it’s not too early to start saving a little money.
I’Ve never had a bank account before. Why don’t I just keep my money under the matters like grandpa does?
You know you would spend it. And also, money in the bank earns interest.
But what if I need my money suddenly?
The bank will give you a PIN, and you can withdraw money from any ATM.
Great?! So it’s almost the same as keeping it under the matters?!
Not quite. You have to maintain a minimum balance of twenty dollars. And sometimes the bank has service charges. But you don’t have to worry about that yet. Let’s go make your first depot OK.
Guess I have to do that before. I can make money my first withdrawal.

Is this where I can catch a bus to the theater?
Yes, but you can't get there with out a change.
Which bus do I have to change?
You have to get off at the hospital and change for bus 15.
I see. Thank you.

Here we are, Joan. This is the Palace museum, also known as the Forbidden city.
Oh, how splendid?! Can you take a picture of me here?
Sure.

Excuse me. I'm afraid I got lost. Where am I on this map?
We are here, bus station, we are in the heart of the city.
Oh?! Can I go from here to the Zhongshan Park?
Head straight up the street about two blocks then turn right.

Tony, could you tell me if there are any special rules about the job?
Working hours are from 8: 30 a. m. to 5:00 p. m. Be sure not to be late or absent. Report to the manager by filling in the' Monthly Report' every month.
Is there anything else? How about my salary?
Our company has a strict and reasonable salary standard. On the 20th day of every month, you can get your salary on time. Benefits depend upon the length of service and the employee's past attendance record.
Wow, thank you for telling me these. Do you mind telling me something else, like attendance record, holiday, and how to ask for leave?
All new members are likely to ask the same questions. Haha.
I can understand that. Every month you have three days off, besides the weekends and some important holidays. After you've been here for a year, you qualify for a one-week vacation. The leave less than a half-day should predict for an hour, and more than a half-day should predict three days.
Okay, that's good. I get it.

Kate, you never believe what's happened.
What do you mean?
Masha and Hero are getting divorced.
You are kidding. What happened?
Well, I don't really know, but I heard that they are having a separation for 2 months, and filed for divorce.
That's really surprising. I always thought they are well matched.
What about the kids? Who get custody?
Masha, it seems quiet and makable, no quarrelling about who get the house and stock and then contesting the divorce with other details worked out.
That's the change from all the back stepping we usually hear about.
Well, I still can't believe it, Masha and Hero, the perfect couple.
When would they divorce be final?
Early in the New Year I guess.

Overseas operator. I would like to make a collect call to Taipei, Taiwan, please.
Your name, please.
Tim Chen.
What's the number, please.
The area code is 2, and the number is 2367-9960.
The line is connected. Please go ahead.

Hello. Excuse me.
Yes. Can I help you? Do you remember me? I just had lunch here a half hour ago.
Of course I remember you.
I think I lost my wallet here.
Oh, no. Really? I didn't see anything.
Really? You didn't find a wallet?
No, I didn't.
Would you like to go look by the table with me?
Yes, I would.
It's not here. And it's not on the floor.Has anyone sat at this table since we left?
No. It's been empty the whole time.
Hmm. I don't know how it could have happened.
I remember, sir, that your friend took the bill.You didn't pay for the lunch yourself, did you?
No. My friend did.
Then are you sure you took your wallet out of your pocket while you were here?
No, I'm not sure. But I usually take out my wallet when I sit down.It' s uncomfortable to sit on it. So I usually put it next to me on the table.
Maybe you lost it before you came here. Or maybe you left it at home.
I don't think it's at home. I think I had it when I left the house.But what should I do?
Well, the first thing you should do is make sure it's not at home.Then, if it isn't, you need to call your credit card companies and cancel your cards. Next, you need to replace whatever you lost, your driver's license, things like that.
Should I call the police?
You can if you want. But the police usually don't do anything about lost wallets.
Hmm. I'll go home and check. Maybe you're right. Maybe it's at home.
I'm sorry we couldn't find it, sir.
Thanks for your help.

Good morning, young lady. You can call me Ma. Do you see anything you like?
Yes. Many things?! I especially love this beautiful quilt.
That quilt was passed down to me from my ma in Holland.
It sounds like a special quilt. Why do you want to sell it?
Well, this home is too big for me now, so I'm moving to an apartment that is much smaller. Therefore, I need to part with a few things.
Oh, I see. Umm, how much do you want for the quilt?
Is fifteen dollars OK?

Have you got change for a thousand?
Let me see.

May I come in, Mr Sun?
I’d rather you didn’t, Miss Yang. I’m very busy now.
Can I try later then?
Yes, of course.
Is it all right for me to come in now, Mr Sun?
Well, uh... I’m still pretty busy, but... all right. Come in.
What can I do for you?
Do you mind if I sit down?
Not at all. Take a seat. Now what can I do for you?
I want to leave the department. Do you think I could put info a transfer?
Yes.
But why should you want to do that?
Do you mind if I speak frankly?
Not at all. Go ahead.
Well. You see, I don’t like the office. I don’t like the staff. And I’m afraid of you. And I don’t want to go one. So may I put info a transfer?
Yes. I’d be delighted if you did.

Where is that? Take me to the airport, please.
Are you in a hurry?
I have to be there before 17 o'clock.
We'll make it except a jam. You know it's rush hour.
There's an extra ten in it for you if you can get me there on time.
I'll do my best.
Here's twenty dollars. Do you have small bills?
No. If you can't break it, keep the change. But can you give me a receipt?
Here is your receipt.
Thank you.

Recently I have been getting headache and my eyes don't seems to see focus properly.
When did you last time have your eyes checked?
Two years ago. At that time I had no problems.Now I can’t even make out something ten meters away.
Come over here. I will test your eyes. First cover your left eye like this, and when I point, please read the chart from the top, and go as far as you can, telling me which way the “ E ” points.
All right. Good.Now the other eye. Well, this one is worse.
Never mind, just read as far as you can.
I can only read the first three lines.

Is there a car park near the supermarket?
Yes, there is an underground car park near the supermarket.
I see. Thanks.

Oh, come on, Ultraman?! What's up, Bro? What's in the bulletin?
It says that there will be a blackout from 5 p. m. to 7 p. m. in our neighborhood today.
Blackout? Even the TV has the limit. Don't you know you will look like a monster in the blackout?
Oops, no, Daddy can't watch American Idol, either?! That's not the point.
Come on, can you imagine that there will be no electricity on such a hot day? Oh, my god?! No air-conditioner?!
OK, since you are the smart one, can you come up with a better plan? So that we won't be baked like cookies here.
How about playing Barbie out there in the neighborhood?
Barbie? You know, I might be seven, but I'm not a girl.
Do you have a better plan?
All right, all right.

Yes, ma'am, how could I help you?
I am wondering if you do facial care?
Yes, we do.
How much would it be?
From 200 to 800.
I'm afraid 800 is too expensive for me. Could you recommend something around 300?
No problem.

Can I help you, Miss?
I would like to order 2 office-style cabinets and desk calendars. We want office-style cabinets in white. The catalogue number is 90-f-2356.
How soon do you want it?
Could you deliver it tomorrow?
No problem. Please handle the items carefully.
Certainly.
We will pay by collect on delivery.

I hate to do this to you, Alice, but I’m going to have to ask you to put in some more overtime.
Does it have to be this afternoon, Mr. Fairbanks? I’Ve already made plans.
Well, I would have preferred to do it today, but if you’Ve already made plans, we can do it tomorrow.
I’d appreciate that, sir. How long do you think you’ll need me to stay?

What’s your attitude when do wrong things at work?
The buck stops here.

Hello?! Is your company advertising for administrative assistant on the newspapers?
Well, Administrative assistant with shorthand and typing skills are badly needed here.
First I want to check about the availability and see if you could give me more information.
The position calls for a person with some working experience. We must be able to benefit from your analytical and interpersonal skills. Can you deliver your resume to us first?
Of course. I will deliver my resume to you in minutes' time. I hope you will consider my application and I shall appreciate a reply at your earliest convenience.
OK. I will call you soon. Bye now.
Bye.

Just as the saying goes, every potter praises his own pot. You should pay special attention to selling yourself properly in the interview. It is especially important for the graduates who step into the job market for the first time. You'd better prepare what you are going to say in advance, in order to have a good performance in the interview. The contents should be mainly descriptions of your background. And the length depends on the particular situation. Only when you are aware of what the interviewer will be interested in, can you make a targeted preparation. To sell yourself successfully, you should leave the interviewer a deep impression. Selling yourself should go straight to the point, and the statement should be clear and brief. It should also be truthful and realistic. Do not blindly blow your own horn. You should particularly state your strong points which are closely related to the position you are applying for. While you should not omit your weak points, they need to be described appropriately Time permitted, you could add certain examples to your description. Besides, in the interview, it is best that you make corresponding adjustments to apply your prepared contents flexibly.

Hello?
Hi, Deborah?! This is John. I'm calling from Australia.
What are you doing in Australia?
I'm attending a conference in Sydney this week. Remember?
Oh, right. What time is it there?
It's 10:00 P. M. And it's four o'clock in Los Angeles, right?
Yes - four o'clock in the morning.
4:00 A. M.? I'm really sorry.
That's OK. I'm awake now.

John hasn't turned up and Stefan is ill. Do we have anyone on stand-by?
I'm afraid not, we're very short-staffed at the moment.
Can you ask the shift supervisor to ask one of his team to do some overtime?
Perhaps Tommy can stand in for an hour or two until we find a replacement.

Jack, let’s go?! Oh, you are out of breath?! What happened?
Some people are wildly shooting on the next street. We must leave here as soon as possible?!
Take it easy. They will get caught.

Hello. May I speak to Jerry, please?
Sorry, but he is out for lunch right now.
I see. Can you give me some idea how long he'll be back?
I think he will be back around 2:00. If you like, please leave your name and phone number, I'll have him call you as soon as he comes back.
That's nice. My name is Steven, my phone number is 6789777.
Okay, I'll be waiting for his call. Thank you and bye?!
My pleasure, bye?!

Excuse me, Miss. What can I do for you?
I've just heard an announcement that my flight has been delayed.
What's your flight number?
Flight CA216 to Chengdu.
Yes, it's true. It has been delayed.
Could you please tell me why?
Yes, of course. The delay is due to heavy rain.
How long will the delay be? Do you have any further information about it?
I am sorry, we don't know the extent of the delay at present. But according to the latest weather forecast, there will be a change in weather soon. We have to wait.
Well, is it possible for the rain to stop before noon?
It's hard to say. Weather is so changeable in the summer. Please listen to the latest announcement about your flight.
Yes, I will. Thanks a lot. Bye?!
Bye

What are we going to do? I can't get the car out of this ditch. I'm stuck?!
I'm worried, Tom. I haven't seen any other cars for almost an hour.
I know. This is terrible. What can we do? This snow doesn't stop falling?!
I told you we should have stayed in town today.The weather report said 100 percent chance of snow.Why did you want to come up here?
I wanted to show you the cabin. We only had another half-hour to go.
Well, now we're stuck. What can we do?
I don't know. I've heard that when this happens, it's important to save energy.
What do you mean? We're stranded here, Tom. We may be here a long time.We need to conserve the gas in the car. The car's energy is what will keep us warm.
I have plenty of gas.
Yes, but the gas and the battery both have to stay working.We can't just let the car run and run.If we do, it will die soon. Then we'll freeze.
So what can we do?
Turn the lights off.Then, run the car and the heater only about fifteen minutes every hour.That will conserve the heat as long as possible.
Alright. That's a good idea. I wish we hadn't come up here. Now we'll probably be here for days.
Days?
Yes, it happens.That is what happens in big snowstorms. People get stranded for days.
Oh, my God?! It's good we have food. Probably we'll survive.But turn the car off for about forty-five minutes. Then we'll turn it on again.

Hey, buddy, can’t you see there’s a line?
Oh, sorry. I didn’t know.
What? You haven’t taken the bus before?
No, I’m afraid not.
Well, you have to wait in line like everyone else. Besides, you should let old people on first.
Sorry.
It’s all right. Where are you going?
I wanted to see the White House.
Oh, well you don’t want this bus, anyway. It goes to Georgetown.
Oh, no. It’s all right, though. Just get off at the next stop and catch the 79A.
Oh, well thank you very much.
You’re welcome.

Can I help you?
I'd like the double cheese burger meal, please.
What kind of drink would you like with that?
Just coke will be fine.
Would you like a super size meal? Only 2 RIB more, you'll get large coke and fries instead of medium. And today we are offering free toys all the meal boxes.
That sounds good, thanks, I'd like that. Actually I'd like sprite instead of coke, thanks.
That's not a problem, Miss. Will that be it?
Yes, that's all. That will be 25RMB, please
You got it.

Do you have any night tours?
Yes, we will depart in 10 minutes.
Is that a guided tour?
Yes, it is.
That's fine. Let's get on the bus.

I am sure we will make it up as soon as possible.
That's nice. We hope this matter will not affect our good relations in our future dealings.
Of course not. We have cooperated for a long time.

I would like to purchase some meat.
What kind of meat would you like to get today?
First off, I'm going to need a pound of ground beef.
A pound of ground beef is $ 2.48.
That's perfect. What else will you be needing?
I'm also going to need three pounds of chicken breasts.
The chicken breasts cost $ 4.05 per pound. What's the total price for the chicken?
It's going to be $ 12.15.
Okay, I think that will be all for me today.

I think you know already that I want to discuss the represent - ton for your alarm clocks.
Yes, Mr. Bergeron. You mentioned that in your letter.
To tell you the truth, your proposal surprised us.
Is that so?
Anyhow I want to go over the details with you in person, so you can give my suggestion thorough consideration.
Our firm specializes in this line of business. We have six sales representatives, who are on the road all the time, covering the whole of the European market.
Do you sell direct to shops?
Yes, we specialize in handling clocks and watches of all sorts. We have well established channels of distribution and we canvass the retailers direct, without any middlemen.
Do you keep a stock of these things?
In some cases, such as the wristwatches, which always have a steady market, we keep a stock in London and act as distributors as well as agents. Generally, however, we pass on the orders of our clients to the manufacturers for supply. We are paid for our service, of course.
That is, your commission.
Yes, our commission is very reasonable. We usually get a 10 % commission of the amount on every deal. Our agents in other areas usually get a 3-5 % commission. The European market is not familiar with your products. You have competitors from Japan and other continental countries. At the beginning of our campaign, there is sales resistance to overcome, we must send out salesmen to do a lot of traveling and spend a considerable amount of money on advertising in news - papers and TV programs. A 10 % commission will not leave us much.
According to your estimate, what is the maximum annual turn - over you can fulfill, in round figures, of course?
We will always do our utmost to enlarge the business, as our remuneration increases with the turnover, but we will not guar - ante anything, at least not to begin with.
We appreciate very much your intention to push the sale of our products. But our suggestion to you, Mr. Bergeron, as a preliminary step, is to do a little research into the market...
Do you mean to say you refuse us the agency?
Mr. Bergeron, you leave us no alternative. We can not give you an exclusive agency of the whole European market without having the slightest idea of your possible annual marketing turnover. Besides our price is worked out according to the costing. A 10 % commission means an increase in our price. We must have the reaction of the buyers in this respect.
Oh, that's just too bad. I intended to make great efforts in selling your products.
Well, we can still carry on our business relationship without the agreement. To start the ball rolling, we will provide you with price lists, catalogues and some samples. Only when you have a thorough knowledge of the marketing possibilities of our products, can we then discuss further details.
Ah, Mrs. Miller, but in this case am I covered?
Oh, yes. We will give you a 5 % commission on every transaction.
All right, but I'll be back again for the Autumn Fair. And then I hope we can see eye to eye about our commission and the terms of the agency.
Very good. We will discuss the matter again at the next Fair.

Excuse me, I’m sorry to trouble you. My name is Susan Ransom, and I have placed several orders with you company.
Yes, Mr. Ransom? This is Karl Miller. How may I help you?
Well, I wonder if you could track an order I placed with you last month. It hasn’t arrived yet.
Certainly, Ms. Ransom. Do you have an order number?

Have you worked out the offers. Mr. Thou?
Yes, we have. Here's our CIF quotation sheet. Please have a careful look.
Are the prices on the list firm offers?
Yes. All the quotations on the list are subject to our final confirmation.
I wonder whether there are any changes in your prices.
All these products are our best-selling lines. The prices of our products will change according to that of the international market demand. And we are always open to negotiate, especially on larger orders.
What do you have in mind?
How long does your offer remain valid?
I need some time to get my supervisors on board with this plan.
I understand. Our offer remains open for 4 days.

Hello sir, may I help you?
Yeah, I accidentally dropped my phone in the toilet.
I see. Well, you have come to the right place. We have over one hundred models of more than twenty leading mobile phone manufacturers.
Sounds good. I don’t want it to be too expensive, maybe something mid-range.
We have this new ETC smart phone.It comes with the Android OS so you can download applications. It also has a built-in camera, mp3 player and touch screen. It works on the 3G network so you have fast access to the internet wherever you are.
What about Wi-fi?
Of course?! You can access the internet from any hotspot as well as from home.
One last thing. Is it waterproof?

We have been over this a hundred times?! We are not getting a pet?!
Why not? Come on?! Just a cute little puppy or a kitty?!
Who is going to look after a dog or a cat?
I will?! I’ll feed it, bathe it and walk it every day?! We can get a Labrador or a German Shepard?!
What if we want to take a vacation? Who will we leave it with? Plus, our apartment is too small for that breed of dog.
Ok. How about we get a cat or a ferret?
We’re planning on having children soon, I don’t think those animals are a good idea with a baby in the house.
Fine?! Let’s get a bird then?! We can keep it in its cage and teach it to talk?! A parrot would be awesome?!
I’ll tell you what, I can get you some hamsters and we’ll take it from there.
Yay?!

Good evening, Mr. Lee and thank you for choosing our airline. We have just discovered that this flight is overbooked. Would you like to volunteer to give up your seat?
Overbooked? Give up my seat? I don’t understand.
From time to time we have a situation in which there are more passengers than there are seats on the aircraft. That’s overbooked.
I know what overbooked is, I just don’t understand how that could happen?
Actually it’s a common practice to overbook, as passengers often don’t take their flight as scheduled. Most of the time there is no problem but today, more passengers arrived than we have seats,
So who has to stay behind?
Well, first we ask for volunteers. If someone like yourself volunteers, they receive a free round trip ticket to be used within one year. If no one volunteers we just have to select someone.
Ok. I’ll volunteer. I could use a free ticket?!

I want to rent this apartment.
I’m glad to hear that. How much are you asking?
You will have to pay $ 1050 every month.
I can’t afford that. What can you afford?
I was thinking $ 800 a month.
I’ll need you to pay more than that. How much more?
How does $ 900 every month sound to you?
I can live with that. We have a deal then.

Good morning, Miss Monica. Nice to meet you again?!
Good morning, Mr. Thomas, it is nice to see you too. After the internal discussion, we have all agreed that you are the most suitable person for this position among all the candidates. So, today let’s talk about your expected salary and social benefits. What is your expected salary?
I’Ve worked in the field for more than 4 years. Depend on my work qualifications and experience, I would like to have 5000 Yuan to start.
The basic salary for your position in our company would be 4800 Yuan to start with increases giving according to your performance.
It is a bit lower than I expected. But I can accept that.
What are the working hours?
40 hours a week, Monday to Friday, 9 AM to 5 PM with one hour lunch break every day..
Do I have to work on weekend? If so, how do you pay for the overtime?
We do expect overtime work when it is necessary, but we pay twice of the work hour for working on weekends and three times for working on national holidays like Spring Festival and the Mid-Autumn Day.
Is there probation?
No probation is involved. If you feel good, you can start next week.

Welcome to the McDonald's. What will it be for you, madam?
One Big Mac and French Fries.
Is there anything else?
Give me one coke, please.
Is this to go or to eat here?
To go, please.
That comes to four dollars and ten cents.
And can I have some ketchup, please?
It's on the service counter over there. Please go to help yourself.

What's the name of this street?
University Street.
Do you know of any banks near here?
You'll see one at the corner on your right.

Hey there, you look a little lost. Are you new here?
Yeah how’d you know?
You can always spot the newbies. I can give you a few pointers if you want. Were you trying to use this machine here?
Yeah?! I just started my training today and I’m not really sure where to begin.
It’s ok, I know how it is. This machine here will work out your upper body, mainly your triceps and biceps. Are you looking to develop strength or muscle tone and definition?
Well, I don’t want to be ripped like you?! I just want a good physique with weights and Carpio.
In that case you want to work with less weight. You can start off by working ten to fifteen reps in four sets. Five kilo weights should be enough. Now it’s very important that you stretch before pumping iron or you might pull a muscle.
Got it?!
Wow is that the weight you are lifting? My goodness that’s a lot of weight?!
It’s not that much. Just watch... I’m ok...

Excuse me.Could you tell me how to return to the Hilton Hotel? I am afraid I lost my way.
Do you have a hotel card or something? Let's see.Yes, I have the address and telephone number here.
Oh, you're staying at the downtown Hilton.Then, you go down two blocks this way and turn left.You' ll find it on the right.
Well, I don't understand it very well.Will you draw me a map?

Excuse me, but could you tell me the way to the railway station?
The railway station? Just go down this street and turn left at the second corner. The station is at the end of that street.
How long will it take me to get there?
It's about a ten-minute walk.
That's very clear. I think I can find my way now. Thank you.
Not at all.

How does the political system work in your country?
We have hundreds of constituencies and the voters in each one elect a member of parliament. Most people call them mp’s.
Each mp belongs to a political party, right?
Almost all of them do. A few are independent. That means that they do not belong to a party.
If one party more than half of the mp’s. they form a government. That means that they choose a prime Finist
What’s a cabinet?
This is a small group of people-perhaps 25 mp’s who are usually ministers. They make all the big decision and discuss laws and policy.
Can any mp make a law?
Any mp can present a law to parliament. The proposed law is debated and voted on. If it is accepted, it becomes law.
I suppose a proposed a law needs the support of the big political parties.
Yes, it does, because they have most of the mp’s. most mp’s vote the way their party wants them to.
How do people choose which party or candidate to vote for?
They produce manifesto. These documents which states their policies. Some people just vote for the same party every time there is an election. Voters who often change the party they vote for are Calle

How was your interview?
Pretty good. The HR manager asked me the usual questions. Then he wondered why I had decided to leave my previous job.
What did you say?
I told him that I hadn’t got a raise for three years. I also told him that one of my best co-workers quitted her job because she had not been promoted for eight years.
Did he want to know the reasons?
Yes. I told him that my boss made some excuses of the recession. But I thought he had a pattern and a record of promoting men only. That’s sex discrimination.
When will you get the reply?
In a couple of days, I was told.
Wish you good luck?!
Thank you.

What qualities do you think a senior executive should possess?
Generally speaking, he needs creativity, the ability to communicate, sense of personal responsibilities, the ability to solve problems and so on.
Do you have all these qualities?
Yes, I have all of them. I am totally competent to be a senior executive.

Hi. I need more amenities, please.
Could you be a little more specific, sir?
Well, to be more specific, the free stuff, like soap, lotion, and shampoo.
I understand. Now, you're saying that you've already used up all your amenities?
Oh, no?! I've got all I need for my stay here.
So, what's the problem?
I need souvenirs?!
You want some souvenirs?!
Yes, yes. Souvenirs.
But, sir, our souvenir shop carries all those items.
That's not the same thing. If you buy hotel souvenirs, they have no sentimental value.
I understand, sir. I'll call housekeeping. You'll have your souvenirs shortly.

Hello, may I help you?
Yes.We' re interested in seeing the rooms for rent.
Oh, how nice.They' re bright rooms and the house is very quiet.
A nice quiet house is exactly what we're looking for.
Well, gentleman.Each room is $ 40 a week if you think that's OK.
That sounds just wonderful to us. When do you want to move in?
How about this afternoon?
Fine. I'll be expecting you around two.

Are you ready to order? May I suggest a veal?
No, I'll have the fish please.
The chicken is also nice.
No, I want the fish.
Our special tonight is lobster.
Thank you, but I prefer the fish.
Perhaps you'd enjoy the lamb.
No, I like the fish.
What ever you say?

Am I ever hungry? When will supper be ready?
It's almost ready. Can you set the table?
All right. Want to taste this dish?
Yeah. Oh, it's delicious?! Really?
Definitely. It's a wonderful meal.
Thank you, Honey. If you like to help me do the dishes, I'll be more dreadful.
I wish I could, but I won't.

Good morning, Kate. Long time no see.
Good morning, Vera, Nice to meet you.
Kate, I know you’Ve been a stewardess for more than one year. And I’ll have an interview on stewardess tomorrow. Can you tell me some etiquette about the interview?
Of course. First you should do up your long hair and do make up but not too thick.
Is there anything else I should pay attention to?
Yes, when you attend the interview, you should pay attention to your manner, style of conversation and expression. You should keep smiling always, being polite when you talk with the interviewer. Don't move from time to time when you sit there. And you also should know how to use eye contact.
Thank you, I've learned so much from you.
That’s all right. Hope you can do better tomorrow.

Can you fix me a cup of tea, Johnny?
Well... uh... how about a glass of juice instead?
No. I'd like tea. Can you put it in my favorite cup? You probably washed it...
Oh, yeah. Well, uh, about your mug... I'll find it...
Where are all the floral pattern plates? And dad's Yankee's mug?

Good morning, sir. May I help you?
Yes, I'd like to settle my bill.
Certainly sir. May I have your room key, please?
Sure. Here you are.
Just a moment, please. I'll draw up your bill for you... Thank you for waiting, sir. Your bill totals two thousand six hundred and fifty-eight yuan, including the phone and laundry.
That much?! Would you mind letting me have a look at it?
Not at all, sir. Here you are.
Thanks. Well, It seems to be right. How much is that in dollars, please?
Just a moment, sir. I'll calculate that for you. It comes to 305 dollars and 52 cents at today's exchange rate.
I see. OK. How would you like to make the payment?
In cash, please.
Here you are.
Thank you, sir... Here is your change. Could you check it, please? Thank you for choosing our hotel. I hope you enjoyed your stay.
By the way, please forward my mail to this address.
Certainly, sir. We hope you have a good trip.

Hi, Sam. I want to buy a pet. Do you have any ideas?
You really should go to Rachel's pet store.
why? anything special there?
it's more than special. You can find as many kinds of animals as you can put a name to and more.
Oh, really? are there any snakes?
snakes? there are even rodents and monkeys?! it's a world of exotic pets.
that's terrific. I can't wait to check it out.
Hang on. are you sure you want to keep a non-traditional pet?
why not? it's so cool.
but it will pose a risk to your health.
pardon?
i mean, most reptiles carry some harmful bacteria. they are likely to cause immune system problems.
well, I didn't realize that. I don't believe it's a good choice to keep those pets, especially for families with young children.
oh, I should have thought of my brother's baby girl. Maybe I'll just have a dog instead of an exotic pet.
yes, good luck, Maria.

I’m a new student. My name’s Robert. Nice to meet you.
My name’s Sophie. Are you French?
Yes, I’m. Are you French, too?
No, I’m not. What nationality are you?
I’m Italian. Are you a teacher?
No, I’m not. What’s your job?
I’m a keyboard operator. What’s your job?
I’m an engineer.

I can’t believe Obama is our President.
I am proud to know that he is our President.
You voted for him, right?
Did you vote for him, because I know that I did.
I did, too. I have nothing but faith in Obama.
Really? I’m sure he will help better America.
We do need some change in this country.
Our country is already changing as it is.
You’re absolutely right. I trust that he will take good care of our country.

Do you have a reservation, sir?
No, I’m afraid we don’t.
I’m sorry the restaurant is full now. You have to wait for about half an hour. Would you like to have a drink at the lounge until there’s a table available.
No, thanks, I’ll come back later. May I reserve a table for two?
Yes, of course. May I have your name, sir?
Bruce
By the way, can we have a table by the window?
we’ll try to arrange it, but I can’t guarantee sir.
That’s fine.
your table's ready, sir? Please step this way.

Do you have coffee shops in China, too?
Yes, of course. There are many tea houses and bars in China, too. People can drink, eat and relax at these places.
You like to go to these places, don’t you?
Yes, sometimes the music there is so beautiful. It is very romantic. I can stay there for hours.
Do you often go there alone?
No, I often go there with my friends.

Hi there?! I am looking for a new car. I have this old Ford Pinto that I would like to trade in.
I see. You are in luck this month because all of our models are on sale?! it is a perfect time to buy a new car since it’s the end of the year.
Perfect?!
I like this one.
That is the Ford Focus. A very light but powerful vehicle. It comes with dual side airbags, power steering and power windows, tinted windows and your choice of either automatic or manual transmission.
Sounds like a good car?! How many miles to the gallon?
It is a very fuel efficient vehicle giving you about 34 miles in the city and 40 on the highway.
That is really convenient. Especially now that fuel prices are so high?!
What’s under the hood?
A very powerful 2.5- liter turbocharged engine, Trust me, this car is fast?!
Now for the most difficult question. What is the price tag for this lovely vehicle?
Very affordable mam. You can take it out of this lot today with 0 % down payment and no interest for the first year?! You can test drive it now and we can sign the papers when we get back.
Great?! Let’s do it?!

I wonder if you could help me, I'm looking for a room.
Well, I have got a vacancy.
What sort of price are you asking?
Eight dolls fifty a week excluding laundry.
Would it be convenient to see the room?
Can you call back later? We're right in the middle of lunch.

Could you give me an expense report? I would like to attach the invoices for my phone bill this season.
Here you are. Do you need glue?
That is very kind of you. I’m just running out of glue.
You’re welcome.

IBA, Jane speaking. How can I help you?
Hello. I'd like to speak to someone regarding my card.
Sorry, I'm not quite sure if I understand. In what way, Sir? Has your card been stolen?
No, no. Nothing at all like that. It's just that I applied for a credit card with you a while ago, my application was accepted, but I'm still waiting for my card.
Oh, I see, Sir. Well, it does take 5 working days to issue and post the card.
Yes, my application was accepted last Friday. Now it's Wednesday, that's more than 5 days.
Sorry, Sir, but it's 5 working days. This does not include weekends, so your card should be with you later this week.
Of course?! How silly of me?! Yes, 5 working days would mean this Friday, at the earliest.
I see. I'm sorry to trouble you.
It's no trouble at all, Sir. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nothing, thanks. I again apologise for the misunderstanding, bye for now.

What can I do for you, sir?
We'd like to order breakfast for tomorrow morning.
Yes, sir. What would you like?
Orange juice, scrambled eggs, bacon, toast and coffee.
OK, and when shall I bring it here?
About seven thirty.By the way, could you also bring me tomorrow's papers?
Of course, sir.

What shall we do when we find a shortage in the shipment?
You should do one of the two things - either to lodge a claim with the shipowner or with the insurance company.
Shall we leave it to the brokers?
Yes. They usually do it. Do they charge for that?
Of course. In Europe, they charge a commission of 1 % of the amount of the claim for their service.
Is it the same in America?
They do the work without charge to the importer. It's part of their service, isn't it?
Exactly. Is it enough to claim with an on board bill of lading?
No, you must also obtain a statement from the shipping agent certifying that the goods were actually loaded on their vessel for shipment.
I see. By the way, how do we prove the ownership of our goods?
You must provide full original set of ocean bills of lading original insurance policy or certificate and the original commercia invoice.
I see. Thank you.
You are welcome.

I'll be on business for a couple of days, could you take care of your sister?
OK, Mum, when will you be back?
I'll be back in ten days.

Passport, please, madam.
Just a minute, please. It's in my bag. Here it is.
Thank you. Please fill out the Baggage Declaration Form.
All right. Shall I enter all my belongings?
No, only the articles listed on the Declaration.

I’m hungry, let’s go grab a bite to eat.
Yeah me too.
Oh?! Can we stop at the shop really fast? I lost my makeup bag at the airport and I want to pick up a few things.
Will you take long?
No?! Five minutes I promise?!
Come on?! We have been here for almost an hour?! I thought you said you were only going to get a few things?! How long does it take you to pick out a lipstick and some nail polish?!
Are you crazy? You have no idea what you are talking about?! Just for my eyes I have to get eye-liner, an eyelash curler, eye shadow, an eyebrow pencil and mascara. Then I need to get foundation, liquid foundation.
Whoa whoa whoa?! Are you nuts? How much is all this going to cost? I’m looking at the price at each one of these little things and it’s outrageous?! This is basically a crayon?!
What about you? You spend as much or more money on your razors, after shave, cologne and gel?! Not to mention how much you spend on clothes and...
Fine?! Get the stupid thirty dollar crayon?!

Can I borrow five bucks?
No?!
Come on?! I'll pay you back on Tuesday.
Last time I lent you money, you never paid me back.
I promise if you lend me five dollars today, I will repay you in full next week.
Ok, but I'm taking your skateboard as collateral.
Fine?! I can't believe you don't trust me.
It's nothing personal, just business.

May I help you, sir?
Yes, please. I'm looking for a cotton polo shirt.
Any particular colour?
Not really. How about this one?
I like the design, but don't particularly care for the colour. Do you have that in other colours, too?
Well, they come in white, pale yellow, aqua, red and green. Will a white one do?
Yes. I prefer white - and may I see a pale yellow one, too?
Why, of course. Let's see... White... Pale yellow. Here you are, sir.

I’m so surprised to meet you in this remote village. Long time no see.
Yeah. How are you these days?

You look terrific and in good shape.
Thank you. How do you keep fit?
I do yoga twice a weeks
Yoga? It sounds interesting.
It was hard at the beginning, but now feel it's really relaxing. It makes me flexible.
Anything else?
Yes, I often go swimming. Are you interested in swimming?
Yes, I like it very much.

Are you going home now?
No, I'm not. What are you going to do? Are you going to work late?
No, I'm not. I'm going to look for an apartment.
An apartment? Why?
I'm going to try to find a place near the office.
Where are you living now?
Out in the suburbs. It's a long trip to work every day.
How are you going to find an apartment?
I'm going to buy a newspaper and check the classified ads.
Apartments in the city are expensive.
I know, but I'm going to enroll in a night school to take a course in business management.

no, no, you helped me with my computer last week. I want to repay the favor.
no, it's definitely my turn to treat you... you paid last time?!
oh, that was just a quick bite to eat---that doesn't count?!
ok, ok, how about we just go Dutch?
It's settled.
Listen, I'm still pretty new around here, would it be alright if you found the restaurant?
ok... sure.

I am waiting for a fax but just now I found there’s something wrong with the fax machine.
What’s wrong with the fax machine? Is it urgent?
Yes, very urgent. And there is no other fax machine around. And the office of our boss is closed, so I can not use his machine either. And his secretary is out. Do you have any suggestion?
Either call this extension number 0085 or ask them to send the fax to you as e-mail, you print it out.

Hey, Jim. It's time to wake up and get out of bed.
Do I have to get up now?
You'd better get up, or you'll be late.
What're you talking about? My alarm even hasn't gone off yet.
Yes, it did. It went off thirty minutes ago. You slept right through it. You're like a dead person while you sleep.
I must have slept right through it.
Rise and shine?! Sleepyhead?!
Just let me sleep five more minutes.
The early bird gets the worm.
I know, I know. But I don't want any worms. Ha?! Ha?!
If you don't make an effort now, later on it'll be a lot tougher for you.

What shall we do tonight?
How about the cinema?
That's a good idea. We haven't seen a film for ages. What would you like to see?
Oh I don't know. Titanic?
Titanic? That old film? but I've seen it before?!

I’Ve been told you might have a vacant room.
Yes. I have a spare room.
How much are you asking?
10.00 dollars a night.
Could I see the room, please?
Sure.Come on in.

Sit down, please. What's wrong with you?
I feel cold, and I'm shivering. I have a terrible headache and a sore throat.
How long have you been like that?
About a day.
Let me have a look at your throat first. Please open your mouth and say " ah ".
Ah... And show me your tongue... Thank you. That'll do. You have slight tonsillitis, and your throat is inflamed. How is your appetite?
Not so good. Now, let me take your temperature. Please put this thermometer under your armpit and let me feel your pulse? Your pulse is weak.
Do I have a temperature, doctor?
Yes, you have a high fever. I'd like to give you a blood test.

Yikes?! What was that noise?
I had to blow my nose.
Did you have to blow right next to the phone? Did you hear that?
Of course I heard that. I thought a plane had crashed into your house.
It wasn't that loud.
I will blow my nose sometime for you, and you'll see.
Okay. I'll take your word for it. I thought you had an elephant in your house.
You're funny.
What did you say? I think I've gone deaf.
I'm going into the bathroom to blow my nose. I'll be right back.

Can I have the check please?
Right away, sir.
Is this amount correct?
Yes, sir, it is.
Thank you, the service was good
Please come again.

Nowadays fewer and fewer people go to the movie theaters to see films. So I am afraid that the film studios are really getting hard time to survive.
What you said is true. But the film producers there are more flexible ways to get more audience. For example, to make more movie Ccds, so people will spend money buying them. But it is true that cinemas are losing the attraction they used to have in the past.
Yes. Take myself for example. I seldom go to cinemas, but it doesn't mean I no longer see films ; instead, I see films at home-watching Ccds.

Okay, well I’m sure you have a number of questions to ask me regarding the position.
Yes, well Miss Childs did give mean overview of the position over the phone, but there were some details I’d like to clarify.
Well feel free to ask me anything, and I’ll try to fill in the details. Could I first ask about the remuneration package?
Yes, of course. That’s quite an important point, isn’t it? As a junior sub editor we offer a starting salary of 150,000 HK dollars per annum. This doesn’t include a generous housing allowance also.
I understand. And are there other bonuses included?
Well, apart from full health insurance we do offer a company staff bonus scheme linked to readership numbers. But we could go through all the details of that at a later date.
Well, Mr. Parsons, I am flexible when it comes to salary. The opportunity to work in Hong Kong for you is the most important thing for me.
Excellent. Well, what other questions do you have Rebecca?

We need to take the accounts system offline to carry out the upgrade. But don't worry, it won't cause too much inconvenience. We're going to do it over the weekend.
How long will the system be down for?
We'll be taking everything offline in about two hours' time. It'll be down for a minimum of twelve hours. If everything goes according to plan, it should be up again by 6 pm on Saturday.
That's fine. We've allowed forty-eight hours to be on the safe side.

Welcome to IBA. Can I help you?
Yes, please. I'm here for an International Settlement. Our company has to effect payment, and it needs to be done today. Here's the advice slip for the payment.
Thanks. I'm sorry to say that you need to get this stamped. There is no stamp on this slip and it is essential before I can process it for you.
I see. So, I need to stamp it. And sign it too?
Yes, that's right. Down here, at the bottom right hand corner to show that you agree to pay the printed amount.
I'll go back to the office and get it sorted and pop back later.
Thanks, bye for now.

That's the warehouse where the large items of office equipment are stored. If I ordered a desk today, how would it be before I got delivery in Scotland?
Well, I think perhaps you'd better speak to our Production Manager, Mr. Yao. You'll meet him when we go over to the factory.

Excuse me. I have just missed the connection plane due to the heavy fog in London. Can I change my ticket now?
Please Show your ticket and passport.
Here you are.
Which flight do you want to change?
The next one to my destination. I have to be there as soon as possible.

Hi, can I speak with the apartment manager, please?
Hello, this is the apartment manager speaking.
I'm calling about the apartment for rent on Main Street.
Would you be interested in seeing the apartment?
I would love to see it.
Are you free today at around 6 p. m.?
Yes, I will be able to make it then.
Well, I'll see you at 6 p. m. Do you know how to get there?
I used to live in that area.
I'll give you an application form when I see you.
That sounds good. Do I need to bring anything?
No. Just bring yourself.

Good afternoon. Welcome to China. May I see your passport, customs and health declaration form?
Yes, here you are.
Thank you. W hat's your occupation, Mr. Smith?
I'm the general manager of the Far-East Industry Corporation. You are here on business, aren't you?
Yes, I have been invited by the East Import
I see. Do you have anything to declare?
Yes, I have some foreign currency to declare.
Would you please fill out this currency declaration form? It's a record of the foreign currency you have brought in.
All right.

How much does it cost for a bus pass?
It'll be $ 65 for a monthly pass.
Is there anything cheaper than that?
If you're in school, you can get a student pass.
Well, I am how much will that cost?
The pass is free.
I don't have to pay for anything?
You'll only have to pay for the monthly sticker.
How much is the monthly sticker?
It's $ 24 for each month.
I'll take the student bus pass.
Okay, I'll get you one.

I see there are some workmen on the site. When is the building work due to start?
Well, it'll take three weeks to demolish the old building and clear away the debris. We should be ready to start the construction work in week 23.
How long will the sub contractors be on site?
About ten weeks in total if everything goes according to plan.
I'm sure it will.
So, we should be able to start moving the machinery in during week 34.
I'll confirm that date with our suppliers.

Andrew's Hair Salon, this is Andrew.
Andrew, this is Linda Chen.
Hi Linda, what can I do for you?
I need to set up an appointment to get my hair fixed.
For what day?
Tuesday morning.

Have you bought a bus pass yet?
I'm not getting one.
Why is that?
It's cheaper if I don't buy one.
Buying a bus pass will save you money. How do you figure that?
There's no limit to how often you can use your bus pass.
Really? Plus, you don't have to use change for the bus anymore.
I like that.
You want to buy one now?
I'm going to.

Are you ready to order, sir?
Yes, I would like a roast duck and my friend wants steaks.
How do you like your steaks?
I'd like it medium-well.
OK, sir, wait a minute.

Hello, I want to know how much it costs to have a manicure and pedicure.
Usually it's 60 dollars for a manicure, and 80 dollars for a pedicure. But with this special discount, the total for both is only one hundred and 20 dollars, and you can get them painted.
That's nice. I'd like to give it a try. I think I like passion red. please.
Alright.Do you want your cuticles cut, too?
No. Would you like the shapes square or round?
Square. But with round at the edges, please.
All right, it's done. Please follow me to the drying section. How long will it take to get them dry?
Ten or about five minutes. You'll be all set.
I see, thank you.

Hello, this is Lucy. May I speak to Mr. Smith?
Oh, hello, Lucy. What's up?
I'm afraid I can't come to work today, Mr. Smith.
Oh, what's wrong with you?
I've got a fever and a very sore throat.
Well, you sound ill over the phone.
Yes. I have to stay in bed today, but I'll be able to come tomorrow.
That's all right. Have a good rest until you feel well enough.
Thank you, Mr. Smith. Goodbye.
Goodbye, Lucy.

Waiter, we have been waiting for 20 minutes. Would you mind hurrying?
I am sorry, sir, the fish you ordered will take a longer time because we make it with fresh fish.
That's fine. Would you please bring me some wine?
Sure, is dry white wine OK?
Yes.
Thank you.

Hi Bob, I won't be in work tomorrow.
Why, what's the problem?
I have a dentist appointment.
Okay.

I've come about your wools. According to our market survey, wools are likely to find a ready market in our country.
Wonderful?! We can meet your requirements and the offer is ready for you. Here it is. The unit price is USD 15.00 per kilogram.
Do you quote CIF or FOB?
It's FOB Shanghai. Could you quote the price of CIF Hamburg?
Certainly, that's easy. We will work out our CIF offer this evening. Could you come again tomorrow, say, at 10 AM?
Okay, see you tomorrow?!

Hi?! Do you want a fill-up?
Yes, please. Which type of gas do you want? Regular, Super, or Premium Unleaded?
What's the price difference?
Regular is $ 1.15, Super is $ 1.25 and Premium is $ 1.39.
Just fill it up with Regular, Unleaded, please. Do you want me to check the tires and the fluids?
Yes, I would. Thanks a lot.

Is your father in the habit of having naps?
Yes, all of us have naps.
Don't you feel dizzy when you have to get up?
No, not at all.

Excuse me. I need some storybooks in easy English. Do you have anything likethat?
Well, there are a lot of storybooks upstairs in our children's section. Some are written for young children, others for teens. Maybe some of them will suit your needs.
I'll go take a look. Thanks for your help.
You're welcome.

Good morning. I need to speak with the property manager, please.
Good morning. You are speaking to the property manager.
While it was raining last night, water started leaking in from the ceiling.
Was it leaking in the bedroom?
It was in the living room.
Can you tell me which floor you are on?
We are on the bottom floor.
I would like to look at the leak. Will you be home this morning?
Yes, someone will be here to let you in.
Just in case you have to leave, we will just use the master key.

How much is your last salary?
I have earned 10,000 a year including bonuses.
How much do you want us to pay you?
I like to be paid more than that. Hopefully, 150,000 a year.
To be honest, I left the company to get more income.

I hope you can help. I've got a bit of a problem with your ATM.
Of course, that's my job. Oh, dear. What's happened?
Well, it's eaten my card?! It won't give it back?!
I see... calm down, don't worry. May I ask what were you doing when it took your card?
Yes. I was only entering my PIN. I'm terrible at remembering it, I'm so forgetful, you see.
Mmmm... and exactly how many times did you enter it, please?
Maybe three times. As I said, I always forget it.
Ah?! Don't worry ; it's just a security measure. If someone uses a card and cannot get the right PIN after three attempts, the bank keeps the card in case it's stolen. Just contact the bank and we'll get it back to you.
Oh, I see. So if I call my branch they can sort everything out for me?
Yes, they'll be happy to help. Believe me, it happens to many people.
I'd better try harder to memorise my PIN in future. Thanks.

Is this the counter to pick up parcels?
Yes, it is. I want to pick up my parcels.
Please show me your parcel order.
OK. Here you are.
Let me check your parcel number. Song Ping's parcel number should be CP 06230221 5 CN.
Here is your parcel.
Thank you.
Not at all.

Hi Brittany. What are you doing with all of your clothes on your bed?
I'm trying to decide what to wear to school the first day.
Oh, A. Mom didn't tell you?
Didn't tell me what?
What? This Bs' school you're going to is going to make your life easy.
What are you talking about brother? Spill it.
Uniforms, sis, no more worrying about appearances?!
You mean I have to wear the same thing every day?
MOM?!

What would you like for your main dish?
Steak, please.
How would you like it?
Medium rare, please.
Anything else, sir? May I have a glass of red wine, please?
Of course.

Mr. Smith, do you like the hotel we booked?
Yes, we do. We like it very much.
I've come to make sure that your stay in Beijing is a pleasant one.
Thank you so much.

David, we have been doing business for three years, haven't we?
Yes, I'm glad we've had very pleasant cooperation in the previous years.
And your achievement for promoting our clothes was great in the three years. So, I wish to apply for the sole agency of your product in our local market. If you give us the agency, that will be more substantial for our cooperation.
To be frank, you are not the only one who applies for an agent for us in your country. I'd like to know some ideas of terms on which you would be willing to operate as our agent.
As we are a well-established company, we are very familiar with the customers' needs. Besides, we can make full use of our good connections with the wholesalers and retailers here and develop a good market for your products if appointed as your agent.
Sounds reasonable. I will tell my boss about you agent application. Another question, what do you think is the minimum annual sales you can guarantee?
To be on the safe side, and for garment of all materials, sizes, and styles, I think the amount will be 50,000 pieces a year.
Well. As our sole agency, you will neither handle the same or similar products of other origins nor re-export our goods to any other area outside your own.
No, certainly not.

Excuse me. I bought this circulator here yesterday but it doesn't work.
Oh, let's see what's wrong.

Where can I find the produce?
Aisle A is where you'll find all the produce.
What sales do they have today?
I'm sure something is on sale. Please check with the produce person.

Hello, this is Steven from Blue Sky Co. May I speak to Mr. James?
Speaking.
Excuse my troubling you. You purchased our products last year and now I am following up to find out about their workings. Are they still in good condition now?
Yeah, exactly?! I bought them last year. En... at present, they are still in good state.
That's it?! All of them have first-class quality and performance. Besides, we adopt advanced technology. Now we have developed new products. They are much better than what you have bought.
Your company is developing so fast. Maybe later on I will plan to buy more.
That's great?! Thanks for your support. If any, please remember to call us.
I am afraid I have to say goodbye now?!
Bye, Mr. James?!
Bye?!

Ms.Dawson, I need you to take a dictation for me.
Yes, sir... This should go out as an intra-office memorandum to all employees by this afternoon.Are you ready?
Yes, sir.Go ahead.
Attention all staff... Effective immediately, all office communications are restricted to email correspondence and official memos.The use of Instant Message programs by employees during working hours is strictly prohibited.
Sir, does this apply to intra-office communications only? Or will it also restrict external communications?
It should apply to all communications, not only in this office between employees, but also any outside communications.
But sir, many employees use Instant Messaging to communicate with their clients.
They will just have to change their communication methods. I don't want any - one using Instant Messaging in this office.It wastes too much time?! Now, please continue with the memo.Where were we?
This applies to internal and external communications.
Yes.Any employee who persists in using Instant Messaging will first receive a warning and be placed on probation.At second offense, the employee will face termination.Any questions regarding this new policy may be directed to department heads. Is that all?
Yes.Please get this memo typed up and distributed to all employees before 4 pm.

Do you have everything?
Let's see... my ID card, my passport, and my suitcase. I'm pretty sure I've got everything.

This is Dunlin. Is this Mrs Smith speaking?
Yes, what can I do for you?
I just want to call and say thank you for letting me interview yesterday.
You are welcome, Mr. Sun.
And I also want to know what the status is of the position.
Sorry, we haven't made the decision at all. But we should be making the decision by the end of this week. And we'll get in touch with you once we make it.
Do you have any questions we didn't cover in the interview?
No. Thank you, I am looking forward to hearing from you. Bye-bye.
Thank you for the calling. Bye-bye.

I often sneeze after having a bad itch inside my nose. Sometimes this is accompanied by an itching throat.
Any other discomfort?
Yes. Sometimes I can notice a constriction in the chest and shortness of breath after a fit of sneezing. And I often suffer from a running nose with a profuse watery discharge.
Does it occur seasonally or all year round?
It has been seasonal during these past three years.
Are you sensitive to other things?
Yes, things like seafood and penicillin-type drugs.
OK. Let me examine your nose. According to your case history and the examination, I believe that it's allergic rhinitis.
What useful treatment can you offer?
I'll give you a series of specific skin tests. Then we'll know exactly what substances you're allergic to. Then I'll give you some causes of desensitization therapy.

Miss, would you like to try this free sample of our new suntan cream?
Sure, why not?
This is a new product of company this year. It's oil-free.
I see. It feels very light on the skin.
It gives your skin a very natural healthy look. I like the cool smell, too.

So how can I make it?
First you make a list of what you wanna buy...
But I’Ve gotta have the budge before anything else.
Well, that’s a problem, isn’t it?

Did you have a part-time job when you were still in school?
No, I was way too busy studying all the time. How about you?
Yeah, I worked about twenty hours a week in a pizza restaurant.
What was that like?
It was always very busy there. What did you do?
I stood behind the register and took pizza orders.
Did you get any perks on the job?
Yeah, I got to eat as much pizza as I could for free.

Okay. I'd like to change some euro into US dollars, please.
Sure. How much would you like to change?
Six hundred euro.
Very good. May I see your passport?
Here you are.
How would you like your bills?
In fifties please.

Why are you reading the classifieds? What do you need?
I'm looking for a bookcase, but I don't want to buy a new one.
Are you having any luck?
Not really. There aren't any used bookcases listed. But there are a few rummage sales on Saturday. I think I'll go to them.
Do you mind if I go with you?
Not at all. These private sales are great places to bargain. And sometimes you can find terrific things among all the junk.
I learned to negotiate from my mother. I thought I was pretty good at bargaining, but I had a problem the other day at Kimble's Department Store.
What happened?
I wanted to buy a beautiful wool sweater for my girlfriend. It was priced at forty dollars, so I started by offering the salesclerk thirty.

Do you do a lot of your shopping online?
Not really. I like looking on the internet at what’s available, but I usually prefer to actually see and touch what I’m buying before I pay for it. Sometimes, I’ll look at something in a shop, but lat No. I’m a little worried about security. You never know who’s trying to find out your codes and passwords. Aren’t you worry about that?
Not really. I know that it happens, but if you buy from reputable companies with secure websites, you should be ok.
Even though I use online shopping facilities, I don’t think it’s the best way to sho
I’m surprised to hear you say that. I thought you loved anything technological.
I do. I’m a big fan of using new technology, but I don’t want to sit in front of a computer screen all day. I think people need to get out and interact with other people. So, how about coming to the department store with me? I want to see if there are any new summer clothes on sale yet.
Sure. I’d love to join you. Can we stop by the computer store? I just want to see if they have something.
Sure. While you’re in the computer store. I will visit the book store opposite. I like to browse through their books and see if they have anything interesting.
Ok. I’Ve finished online. Let’s go.
I’ll just get some money and my credit card.
Thanks for reminding me. I had forgotten to get mine.

Please help yourself at your dishes. I hope you’ll enjoy what you’Ve got.
It suits my taste. You are really a good cook.
Would you like to try my special recipe?
Wow, let me try. It tastes nice.
How did you make it?
It’s as easy as pie. I always follow recipes.

Mr. Dick. Does the recommendation of the university play an important role?
Yes. In fact, the recommendation letter written by the university is an indirect self-recommendation. In the long period of cooperation, the university has established good relationship with the companies or organizations, they trust each other well. If your university recommends you, you can be approved more easily.
But I find that most of the recommendation letters written by universities are the same. So I doubt its authority.
More and more persons have the same discoveries since most universities do that in order to save energy. If your university also does like this, you can look for other methods, because such kinds of recommendations say nothing for you. Could you tell me whether or not I send out my resume with it?
It depends. If it has something special or useful, I suggest you send it out.

Taylor, can you tell me how to apply for a job on the Internet?
Just fill out an application. Do I have to send an E-mail?
You are expected to know the E-mail address of the unit.
But I still don't know which unit is in need of staff. Send out an application through Job-wanted on the website.
Can any unit see my information?
It's a two-way choice. And your application will be read.
Which websites offer this service?
Sina, 21st Century Talent Net, and a few others.
Thank you.

Don’t throw your weight around. I can’t bear you any more.
I dare you to say that again.

Were you a leader when you were in college?
Yes. I was Propaganda department minister of our university.
Did you get any honors or awards at your university?
No. It’s a pity about it.
Were you involved in any club activities at your university?
Yes. I was a member of the basketball Society. I like playing basketball.
What extracurricular activities did you usually take part in at your college?
I sometimes played basketball and sometimes played football.

You want to argue your ticket today?
Yes. That is why I'm here.
Tell me your argument.
I was pulled over for allegedly speeding.
Are you sure you weren't speeding?
To be honest, I really wasn't.
What speed were you going?
I was under the speed limit. I was going 35, when the speed limit was 40.
I'm just going to let you go, since the arresting officer isn't here.
What about my ticket? Do I still need to pay?
Don't worry about it.
I'm so glad for your help.

Annie, do you like shopping online?
Yes, I like it, because it's convenient. Last week, I tried to buy a new cellphone online, but I didn't know how to pay for it.
First, you should open an account at the online bank. After that, you can buy anything you want online.
Are there many things online?
Sure. You can find everything all over the world. Let's check it out online?!
( They log in a shopping website. ) That's amazing. Oh, an on line virtual supermarket? Let's click to check it out. Oh, I got it. It simulates the real supermarket, which makes it feel so real.
Mom will love it. She loves shopping in supermarkets.

Ah, Bob. Just the person I wanted to see.
So what is it?
You gotta help me out this time, buddy.
Another tough thing, I guess.

Hey?! What happened??! My song was only half way through and it skipped to the next song.
I don't know what happened?! You cancelled the song, didn't you, Jack?
No, I didn't.
Really?! Then, is the machine broken or...

Good evening, Do you have a reservation?
Yes. The reservation under Mr. Watson.
Ah, yes, a table for four at 8 Em, no, thanks. I think we'll go straight to the table, By the way. may I check my overcoat here?
Certainly, sir. We'll keep it in the cloakroom for you. Here is your number. When you leave, show it to the waiter behind the counter, please.
Thank you. Could you show us to our table now? Would you please follow me, please?
Thank you. This is your table. It's Number 10.

Hello, ma’am. Can I help you? I’m looking for a sweater.
What size are you looking for?
Well, I’m looking for size 10 but you don’t have it.
How about this one? I think it looks terrific on you.
Yes, I like the color. Can I try it on?
Sure. The fitting room is on your right.
It fits well. I like it a lot. What do you think?
You look pretty in red.
Oh, it’s my favorite. How much is it?
$ 29.99.
Okay. I’ll take it. Thank you very much for your help.
You’re welcome.

Do you have any cars available?
We have only one mid-size car left.
Great, what's the rate per day?
It's 40 $ plus tax per day on limited mileage.
I'm going to need it for three days. Can I see your driver's license?
Sure, here is my driver's license.
Please sign here.

Are you ready to order? I think that we have a pretty good idea of what we would like to order.
Let me tell you about the specials of the day, which are chicken in a wine sauce with capers, and grilled garlic shrimp.
I was wondering if the chef could leave off the sauce.
The chef would be happy to accommodate your special requests.
I am a vegetarian. Do you have any vegetarian selections?
You could choose the roasted vegetable and garlic pizza or the goat cheese and candied walnut salad.
I think that we will split the roasted vegetable and garlic pizza.
That is a good selection, and I can bring your salads now or serve them with your entree.
You can bring us our salads when you bring us our entree.

I can't open this email attachment our Paris office has sent me. Are you sure you're using the right program?
Well, yes it's definitely the same program but I might have the wrong version. Their system is newer than ours.
That's why you can't open it. You'll have to upgrade before you can read the file.

What kind of character do you think you have?
Generally speaking, l am an open-minded person.
What is your strongest trait?
Cheerfulness and friendliness.
How would your friends or colleagues describe you?
They say Mr. Sun is a friendly, sensitive, caring and determined person.
What personality do you admire?
I admire a person who is honest, flexible and easy-going.
How do you get along with others?
I get on well with others.

Hi, I need to make an appointment to see the doctor.
What seems to be the problem?
I have a rash that I need a doctor to look at.
Do you have a fever with that rash?
No, it just itches a lot.
I have openings on Tuesday or Wednesday. Which would be best for you?
I need an appointment on Tuesday.
Fine, I am putting you down for 9
I would like to see Dr. Jones.
I can schedule you with him with no problem.
We look forward to seeing you.

Wow?! What's the hold up?
It’s probably just people trying to get an early start out of the city for the weekend. Nobody sticks around in the summer.
Really? Then, I guess I won’t have a hard time finding a room or getting a cab?
Actually, you might because there’s a big convention in town this weekend.
I’m not too worried about it. I always seem to find something.

Hello, how can I help you today?
I'd like to withdraw some money from my account.
Please fill out this slip stating how much you wish to withdraw.
Well, actually, it's quite a substantial amount. Here's my Bank Book. Will that cause a problem?
On your account there is no limit to over the counter withdrawals, it won't cause a problem.
Here's your money, 10,000 RIB. Please count it before you leave.
Yes, that seems to be all in order. Thanks very much.

Quality is very important to us. We work to very low tolerance levels. We need to have guaranteed supplies of consistently high quality raw materials. Over the years we've built up very good relationships with our suppliers.
Do you have many different suppliers?
Yes. There are about fifty names on our approved supplier list, but for raw materials we tend to deal with three local companies.

Mary, can you tell me how you keep in shape?
You'll never be in shape until you eat less and take more exercise. Now, tell me what you often eat.
I often eat fish and eggs. Do you eat a lot of vegetables?
Oh yes, and fruits. I love fruits very much.
What do you like to drink?
Well, I never drink alcohol, coffee or tea. Whatever would you like to drink?
I drink a lot of milk. I drink milk almost every day. How often do you exercise?
Well, I walk every day. It's a good diet and a regular exercise.
Yes, quite right.

I am sorry, but I cannot stay for the rest of class today.
Why do you need to leave early?
I don’t feel so good. What doesn’t feel right?
I feel as if I am going to be sick to my stomach.
Perhaps you should get checked out at the Student Health Center before you go home.
I have some medicine at home that I could take.
Are you going to be OK to drive home, or would you like someone to go with you?
Thank you, but my friend is in the library, and he can give me a ride home.
We hope that you are feeling better soon. E-mail me if you have any questions.

Your boyfriend is so considerate to you. When do you plan to marry?
It’s still up in the air. There is something wrong between us.

We're considering of ordering 200 computers, but I'm wondering about the price you'll possibly offer.
Our price will be not less than $ 5000.
Your price is higher than I expected. Could you give us a little discount?
This is already our best price. But the price is always negotiable and you should consider our quantity of order.
Well, what would you suggest? Could you make it $ 4500?
I'm afraid that there is no room to negotiate the price. This is the best price we can quote.
Can we meet each other half way?
What do you mean? Let's close the deal at $ 4800, OK?
You drive a hard bargain?! OK, that's a deal.

I'm now on the Songshan airport getting ready for departure. I realized that I might have left my watch.
Yes, Ma'am. May I have your name and room number?
My name is Terry. I stayed last night in your hotel in room 132. What kind of watch is it?
It's a brand-new Seiko wrist watch.
Yes, we have it.
Oh, I'm glad to hear that. Would you kindly send it to the Hilton Hotel?

What are your thoughts on the apartment?
I think that it’s absolutely gorgeous.
There aren’t any problems with the apartment?
I think that the apartment looks very nice, but I do see some problems.
What problems?
I did notice a few stains in the carpet.
We will have the carpet cleaned before you move in.
You will?
Yes, but other than that, are there any more problems?
That was the only thing that I saw that was wrong with the apartment.
I’m happy that you find this apartment so appealing.
It is. I love it.

That China-gown of Tang-Dynasty style is so beautiful. Would you show it to me, please?
Absolutely. Here it is.
Could I try it on?
Please do, the fitting-room is over there.
It feels a little tight around the waist. Do you have a bigger one?
I'm sorry. We don't have this color in your size. We have some green ones in your size. Would you please have a look at this green one?
OK. How much does it cost?
It's 486 yuan.
Mmm, it is reasonable.

Mrs. Wang, would you give us an idea of the price you regard as workable?
As I said before, your price is so high that we find it difficult to make a bid. We hope you will take the initiative and bridge the gap.
Just to comply, we're ready to reduce the price by 5 percent. I hope this concession of ours will get the ball rolling.
So do we. Certainly it's a step forward on your side. But the gap is still too wide.
The ball is in your court, Mrs.Wang. What price would you suggest?
To make your offer workable, I think you should take another step down as big as the one you've just taken.
That won't do. You see, our profit margin is very narrow. It simply can't stand such a big cut.
I hate to disappoint you, Mr. Brown, but if that's the case, we have no alternative but to cover our requirements elsewhere.
Do think it over, please. We sincerely hope our discussion will come to a successful conclusion.
Well, I'm not authorized to agree to such a big reduction. Would you mind waiting a day or two, until I get a reply from the home office?
Not at all. Shall we meet again, say, on Friday morning?
Good. Friday morning at 9.

Good morning. Good morning.This is Mary.Can I speak to Anne please?
I’m sorry She isn’t in at the moment. She will come back at half past nineCan I take a message for her?
Thank you.But I will call her later
OK.Goodbye.
Goodbye.

Hi, Jane. How are you doing this morning?
I’m all right, thanks. Just a little tired.
Late night?
Yeah, I got home around two.

We've been waiting here for nearly ten minutes now, and there still isn't a bus in sight. I'm afraid we'll be late for the party. Have you got the time, Tom?
Yes, my watch says a quarter to seven. but there is something wrong with my watch?!
But you bought it only last month.
Yes, but ever since I bought it, it gains about five minutes a day, so I' Ve got to have it repaired.
How long will it take us to get there?
I think about ten minutes by bus.
It's not far away, then. Let's walk, it's beginning to rain.
Wait?! I think I see a bus coming now.
Let's hope it's the No. 22 bus.

Hi, Mr. Smith. I'm Doctor Hawkins. Why are you here today?
I found it would be a good idea to get a check-up.
Yes, well, you haven't had one for 5 years. You should have one every year.
I know. I figure as long as there is nothing wrong, why go see the doctor?
Well, the best way to avoid serious illnesses is to find out about them early. So try to come at least once a year for your own good.
Ok. Let me see here. Your eyes and ears look fine. Take a deep breath, please. Do you smoke, Mr. Smith?
Yes.
Smoking is the leading cause of lung cancer and heart disease, you know. You really should quit.
I've tried hundreds of times, but I just can't seem to kick the habit.
Well, we have classes and some medications that might help. I'll give you more information before you leave.
Ok, thanks doctor.

Good afternoon. Mr. Tylor's office?
I'm afraid you've got the wrong extension.
I'm sorry, but could you please transfer this call to Mr. Tylor's office?
Sure, please hold on.
Thank you. Now Mr. Tylor's on the line. Go ahead, please.
You are so kind, you helped me a lot.
You are welcome. Bye?!

Good afternoon, Lexington Software. Angelina Dawson, how can I help?
Hello, this is Quinn from IBA.
Ah, hello Quinn. Oh dear, you are calling to tell me there is a problem, aren't you?
I'm afraid so, yes.
Hmm... well, it was my first attempt?! Is it a very big mistake, or can we just alter it?
Unfortunately it's rather a big mistake.
What do you recommend we do?
I would recommend we scrap this one and you bring in another set as soon as possible.
I trust your judgement. Thank you, Quinn. I'll be back tomorrow with a new set. Bye for now.

Oh?!?!?! I have a horrible toothache.
You should go to the dentist.
I hate dentists.
Well, suffer then. If you have a toothache, you have to go to the dentist. It always hurts.
I hate going.
Stop being such a baby. If it really hurts that much, just let them knock you out.
O. K., O. K., I’ll go.
Good. You'll feel better after you do.

Hi, I would like to purchase a one way ticket to Brussels, please.
Certainly sir, this is our train schedule. We have an express train departing every morning and an overnight train that departs at nine pm.
How long does it take to get there?
About twelve hours. We currently have tickets available only for first class on the express train. If you’d like, you can choose a sleeper on the overnight train which is a bit less expensive.
Yeah, I think that is the best option. Do you serve food on the train? Twelve hours is such a long time?!
Yes, of course. There is a dining car towards the front of the train where they serve meals at all times. We do provide complimentary water and coffee for all of our passengers.
Great?! I’ll take it. Here you are sir. Your train leaves from platform number nine at nine on the dot. Remember to be here at least thirty minutes before your scheduled departure time or else you might miss your train?!
I understand. Thank you very much?! Have a great trip.

I would like to take a trip to the beach this weekend.
A trip to the beach would be fun. How is the weather going to be?
The forecast says that it will be warm on the weekend.
So do you think it'll be perfect weather for the beach?
It sounds like it will be. I really hope it doesn't get cold. That would ruin things, I want to go so badly.
The weather in California is unpredictable, so you never know.
That is true. The weather is constantly changing. It would be nice if the weather would never change.
That would be great, then we could plan things sooner. True.
Predictable weather would make life easier.

Some companies use to ban dating among employees, but now they have realized it is something in avertable. People spend so much time at work. It is not surprising for one to have a crash on the other. If we think positively, office love can be beneficial to company.
Beneficial? I don’t think so. If two employees get married, they will leave at the same time for a honeymoon, or later one of them will stay at home taking care of babies. If they break up, the company will probably have to relocate one of them to make the workplace more comfortable. By any means, the company must spare extra efforts to solve problems brought by an office dating.
But if two employees are in love, they will be happy. Happy people are more productive. If they develop an intimate relation with each other, they are willing to share knowledge and experience. It can help to improve work efficiency.
I doubt that.

Do you eat a lot of healthy food?
Compared with healthy food, unhealthy food just tastes so much better. And anyway, I believe if you live a low stress Life and are active, you can get away with eating whatever you like. It's all in the mind.
You have the point. I think cancer is caused by more worry than by the things we consume. Some good things you should try are cranberry juice, wild rice and yoghurt.
What's special about these things?
Cranberry juice is very good for destroying harmful bacteria in your guts because it's very acidic. Wild rice is high in fibre so it's good for your guts and it's high in protein and minerals-I think it's also tastier than normal rice. Yoghurt's good because it's also rich in protein, vitamins and is also acidic. People have been making yoghurt for thousands of years and if you have it every day, your guts will be much more settled.
Thanks. I'm going to follow your advice and pop down to the supermarket right now.

I've been so tired recently. I've been trying, but I don't think I'm up to this job.
You need to take a break, maybe a vacation. Oh, yes, indeed. I've run out of steam.
To be honest, I want to be in a different environment.
Is that so?
Yes, I don't want to be stuck in a rut. I want to move on.
Have you decided?
Yes. I want to get a better job.
Could you tell me why you want to quit?
I quit just because of the dissatisfying salary and the trouble in getting along with my colleagues.
Oh, that's terrible. Do you want to get a higher salary in our company?
I'm afraid not. I've promised my girlfriend. We'll travel southwards to find a job that offers higher pay.
OK, I'd like to say that I've really enjoyed working with you. However, I think you should work harder for your new job and then you can ask for higher pay.
Thank you so much for your advice. And every best wish for your new job.
Thank you.

The train is leaving. Hurry up?! Which car are we in?
Let me see. Oh, No. 11. Here we are, Car 11. Let's get in.
Seats No. 20 and 21. It’s nice that we’Ve got a window seat.
Let's put our suitcases on the rack.
Oh, the baggage rack is full. Put them under the seat for the time being.
All right.

So, how should we get to the theatre? Let's take the bus.
I hate the bus system in London?! The bus drivers are rude, the buses are never on time, and there are few people around who can help you.
It's not that bad. You probably just had a bad experience once.
It wasn't just once. Every single time I take the bus, something bad happens to me or to someone else on the bus.
We could take the subway, but we'd have to go three stops along one line and then change trains twice. Train fares are twice as expensive as the bus fare, too.
If we don't hurry up, we'll miss the show. Should we take the bus?
We're already late, so I think we had better take a taxi.
I don't think we'll be able to find a taxi very easily during hush hours. Let's just take the bus.
Fine. Have a look at the timetable to find out when the next one arrives.
It looks like it should be here in just a few minutes. don't worry. Nothing bad will happen. I'll even buy your ticket for you.
Thanks, that was nice of you.
See, now something good has happened to you on a bus trip?!

Let's go over this plan again. From Vancouver, we bike along the border all the way to Winnipeg. And that is mostly flat, right?
Relatively, once we're out of Alberta, anyway. Then it's hills again in Aitoba.
And from Winnipeg we go around the lakes through Toronto, right?
That's right. And up in to Quebec. And that's where we stop.
It doesn't sound like that much when we go over the plan but that's a long, long ride. Are you ready for the cross country of a lifetime?

Good morning, sir. What can I do for you?
I'm Bill. I'm in Room 908. Can you change the room for me? It's too noisy. My wife was woken up several times by the noise the baggage elevator made. She said it was too much for her.
I'm awfully sorry, sir. I do apologize. Room 908 is at the end of the corridor. It's possible that the noise is heard early in the morning when all is quiet.
Anyhow, I'd like to change our room.
No problem, sir. We'll manage it, but we don't have any spare room today. Could you wait till tomorrow? The American People-to-people Education Delegation will be leaving tomorrow morning. There'll be some rooms for you to choose from.
All right. I hope we'll be able to enjoy our stay in a quiet suite tomorrow evening and have a sound sleep.
Be sure. I'll make a note of that. Everything will be taken care of. And if there is anything more you need, please let us know.

It's time for bed.
I'm not ready to go to sleep. I'm not tired.
It's quite late, and you have an early day tomorrow.
I'm not going to be able to fall asleep.
Why don't you try counting sheep?
I've tried that before. It really doesn't work.
That's beside the point, you still need to go to bed.
Why can't I just stay up until I fall asleep?
If I let you do that, then you're just going to be up all night.
I promise I'll go to sleep soon.
No, you're going to sleep now, so good night.
See you in the morning.

I see myself as being honest, diligent, persevering and creative. And I have a strong sense of responsibility.
How about your psychological resilience?
I think I can work well under pressure, if necessary.
How would you deal with those who are not easy to get along with?
I will just be sincere and friendly to others, and I believe they will treat me the same way.
You seem to be a kind-hearted lady.
Thank you. I simply believe the goodness of human nature.
Please tell me your weaknesses if you can.
I should admit that sometimes I care too much about the details. I am always in pursuit of perfection.

Karen? I need to go over a few things with you.
Certainly. Mr. Graham. When would you like to meet?
I was thinking about this afternoon, after the sales meeting.
Fine. At 3:30?

I believe we' Ve met before. My name's David.
Yes, at your company, I think. I'm Frank.
Oh, I remember now.Very nice to meet you again.
Nice meeting you, too.

I made my little brother cry.
Shame on you?!

I need some mascara. Do you have good thickening mascara?
Of course. Here is our thickening mascara. We also have mascara designed to lengthen the eyelashes.
Alright. And I want to consider your eye shadow too. Do you have a color chart can look at?
We have a very wide selection of colors. And our eye shadow is specially designed to moisturize the skin. So it is very gentle on your eyelids. Would you like to sample some?
Oh, sure I will need to clean off my own eye shadow first.
I can help you with that.
Thank you.

Is this the baggage claim area for flight KB256?
Yes, we are on the same plane.
But I am a transfer passenger. I have a connecting flight to Miami.
So you have to bring your baggage to the transfer check-in area.
Yes.It' s quite troublesome. Why not go and find a porter?

Billy, you don’t look too well. Maybe you should take the day off school.
But Mom?! Today we’re playing football?! I love football?!
You’Ve got a fever and playing football isn’t a good idea for a boy with a fever.
What’s that on your arm?
I don’t know. It was there when I woke up this morning.
It’s rash. I’d better take you to see the doctor.
How did you get that bruise on your leg?
I bashed it against the chair in my room.
Does it hurt?
A little, but not much. Here. Put this wet towel on your face to keep your temperature down. I’ll take you to the doctor’s after breakfast.
If I’m better this afternoon, can I go to school?
If you are better, but I doubt you will be.

This is your schedule.
You're going out of your way for us, I believe.
You are our honored guests.

Are there any vacancies still available?
Yes. We need a plumber here.
I am looking for a job that is more advanced than that, such as sales manager or regional manager.
I am sorry. They are not available now.

My name is Mary, and I will be your waitress tonight.
Thank you, Mary. We have been looking forward to trying out this restaurant.
Before your main course, would you like to order an appetizer?
Sure, that sounds great. Where are your appetizers listed?
There is a special appetizer menu right here in the center of the table.
The chicken and cheese quesadilla looks good. Is that pretty good?
You know, that is one of my favorites?!
OK, I'll take one order of that.
You could choose another appetizer for half price to share.
Perfect?! Please add on an order of onion rings.

I am waiting for a fax but just now I found there's something wrong with the fax machine.
What's wrong with the fax machine? Is it urgent?
Yes, very urgent. And there is no other fax machine around. And the office of our boss is closed, so I can not use his machine either. And his secretary is out. Do you have any suggestion?
Either call this extension number 0085 or ask them to send the fax to you as e-mail, you print it out.

I would like to speak to you, if you don’t mind.
What would you like to speak to me about?
I would like to talk to you about this year’s election.
Is that right? I am a volunteer for this year’s campaign.
That’s wonderful. I am impressed at someone so young taking a stand. I know history is about to be made, and I would like to be a part of it.
That’s fantastic. Are you planning on voting?
I’m going to vote. Go to your polling place early on Election Day.
I will.
Good luck with your volunteering.

We hope that there will be no repetition of this kind of trouble in the future.
Yes. I promise it will not happen again.
We look forward to your settlement at an early date.
We will inform you as soon as possible.

Hello, Steven. How do you get along with your job?
Actually, I learn many things from it. I find that I am a quick learner in new things.
Practice makes perfect. By the way, what do you learn from your job?
At first I didn't know anything about the machine. Now I know how to operate it. Besides, the work gives me a sense of fulfillment and achievement.
Yeah, you are a good learner. I must commend you for your good performance.
Thank you. That's a long way to go for my job.
I appreciate your effort very much. The coffee break is over ; it's about time we set to work.
OK, let's go.

Where on earth are we?
Judging by all the traffic, I'd say we're near the outskirts of the city.
What did I do wrong? Did I take a wrong turn?
I'm not sure, but I think you turned right when you should have turned left on the flyover bridge.
Well, now we should turn back a few kilometres. It seems that the traffic sign is much more important than the map.

Hello. Front desk.
Yes. This is Bob Robinson. I’m calling from room number 627.
Hi, Bob. What can I do for you? Is it possible to change to another room?
Could you please tell me why? My room is facing the swimming pool. It’s noisy for me. I have a problem sleeping. And I feel uncomfortable when I take an elevator.
So you need a quiet side room on the lower floor.
You’re right. Okay. Let me check for a room on the first floor.
Thank you.
I’Ve only two rooms on the first floor. How about room 108?
That’s fine. Can I move now?
Sure. I’ll send the bellman to help you.
Oh, thank you kindly.
You’re welcome.

How long will it take for our order to be delivered?
Let's see. You are importing fifty containers of textiles from China. They should be able to place your order before the end of next week. It will take 2 days for shipping to the port city of Ningpo. The freight will take 3 weeks on the open ocean and will arrive in Los Angeles approximately a month from today. Domestic shipping will be your responsibility, you can make arrangements with the pier in Los Angeles.
Fine, we will handle domestic shipping, but what about customs? Will we have to pay tariff on our imports?
I hope we don't run into any problems with the border control.
No, the Chinese company has that all worked out. With the paperwork you receive with the shipment, you should be good to go.

Now you're my boss, Mr. Henry. Do you have any other particular conditions that you would like the company to take into consideration?
No, nothing in particular. You may ask questions about us, if you have any.
All right. When can I start?

What are you doing here today?
I would like to fight my ticket.
Is the arresting officer in the courtroom today?
Yes, the officer is here today. What's your case?
I was pulled over for running a red light, but I never did.
Do you believe that the officer lied?
There was a camera on the signal. So, he was obviously lying.
Your license plate was caught on camera?
A picture of my license plate was never taken.
Since there is no picture of your license plate on record, I'm going to let you go.
Thank you. I'm glad that you believe me.

Hey Joe, what are you doing in this department store?
Hi, Rita, I'm just looking for a pair of shoes. I won't be here for long.
Why not? When I go shoe shopping, I have so many options for sneakers that I spend awhile looking at all of the choices.
That's my problem. I don't have a lot of options. What do you mean?
This is a big store, isn't it?
Yes, but I have unusually big feet. That wouldn't be too much of a problem except that they're also very wide, and only a few brands sell shoes that I can fit into.
So how do you usually go about buying shoes, then?
Well, first of all, I can only go to certain stores that can guarantee me a large selection.
Well, you're in the right store. If they don't have it, no one will.
After that I choose something from one of the few brands that I know will fit me. I prefer white, so I ask them to bring me a pair of white sneakers in my size. Since I’m usually only given one or two pairs of shoes that meet my qualifications, it makes it a very easy choice.

what shall we do after the volleyball match?
how about going to the Olympic souvenir store to have a look? I remember there is one in the gym.
that's a good idea. I was thinking of buying some gifts for my family. me, too.
What did you have in mind?
I haven't decided yet, but I think the Olympic Mascots are a must.
I agree. They're very lovely, especially " Huan Huan ".
is that the red one? That is my favorite, too. Do you know how much they are?
the five dolls are sold together as a set, and they're priced according to the size. The bigger they are the more expensive.
oh, I see. If I buy more than a set, can I get any discount?
I don't think so. All the souvenirs of the Olympic Games are very hot right now.
any other ideas?
there are lots of things, such as postcards, key chains, posters and various arts and crafts.
it all sounds great. We can go there after the match. I can't wait to see what they have.

Mom?! I hate eating vegetables?!
You don’t have to eat them. I don’t mind.
Thanks mom?! Can I have dessert now? I love chocolate cake?!
No dessert for you unless you eat all your vegetables.
But I don’t like them?! It’s not fair?!
You can have some fruit for dessert. If you eat an apple and a banana, I might let you have a small piece of chocolate cake.
Ok... actually, I don’t mind eating peas and carrots, buy I hate broccoli and cauliflower.
I’ll remember that for next time. You’ll get extra peas and carrots, buy no broccoli or cauliflower. OK?
Thanks mom?!

It was very kind of you to give me a tour of the place. It gave me a good idea of your product range.
It’s a pleasure to show our factory to our customers. What’s your general impression, may I ask?
Very impressive, indeed, especially the speed of your NW Model. That’s our latest development. A product with high performance.
We put it on the market just two months ago. The machine gives you an edge over your competitors, I guess.
Certainly. No one can match us as far as speed is concerned.
Could you give me some brochures for that machine? And the price if possible.
Right. Here is our sales catalog and literature.
Thank you. I think we may be able to work together in the future.

Is the factory fully-automated?
Not completely. Our production process is partially-automated. We use robots on the production line for routine assembly jobs but some of the work is still done manually.
What about supply of parts to the production line?
Well, the parts are automatically selected from the store room using a bar-code system. And there is an automatic feeder which takes them to the conveyor belt at the start of the production line.
What about the smaller components?
They're transported to the workstations on automated vehicles - robot trucks - which run on guide rails around the factory.

I'm glad you're on your ten-year reunion planning committee.
Yeah, you get the TV to yourself while I spend my nights surfing the Net for missing classmates. That's not why. This way I can see how you guys do this sort of thing.
I guess. Don't you have reunions in Taiwan?
Definitely. Every year. But just for our forty-person class. Ours are for everyone that graduated in the same year.

What does your job involve?
I'm the Project Manager so I have to make sure our projects run smoothly. I work with three Project Engineers. They take care of after-sales service and look after the maintenance side of the business.

How many languages can you speak?
Besides Chinese, I can speak English and French. You mean you can read and write both of them?
No, I can only carry on a simple conversation in French.
Can you read and write English well?
I can speak the language better than read and write.
Do you speak the language well enough to communicate with people of English-speaking countries?
I think so. I used to be an interpreter. Do you think your English is good enough to do desk work?
The amount of English I know enables me to do general desk work. I believe what I know is sufficient to work in an American firm.

What can I get for you? Here is the menu.
Let me have a look. Well, how many kinds of steaks do you have?
We have sirloin steaks, pepper steak, and filet steak.
Is there something go with the filet steak?
Yes, we have various sauces.
What about the gravy?

Are you ready to go shopping?
Just a minute. I need to make a list of thinks that we need.
Good idea. Have you written down potatoes, carrots, and onions?
I don’t have onions on my list. I’ll add them. We should get some tea. Is green tea ok or should we get the same tea that we usually get?
Let’s get both. We need some coffee too. Is that on your list?
Yes, it is. Here’s my list. Is there anything that I’Ve forgotten?
I think you’Ve got everything. I want to got some chocolate and some cheese.
What kind of cheese do you want.
I’m not sure. I’ll decide at the cheese counter, when I can see what they have.
Have we got enough money?
We don’t have enough cash, so I’ll take my credit card and we can pay with that.
Where are the car keys?
I’Ve got them there. Shall I drive?

Hello, can you tell me how to use the telephone?
If you want to order meals, call 8801.If you need other help, call 8803 and someone will be there.
Thank you so much. By the way, is there a mail service?
Yes, you can take your letters to the counter over there.

I am afraid that the fax machine in my room won’t be working till tomorrow. A technician has just come and checked it. He will bring me a new one tomorrow. It seems there is a big problem with mine and it will take some days for repairing. Can I use the one in your office?
Of course you can. I am sure this one works very well. I just sent dozens of pages. How many pages are you sending? Are you familiar with my fax machine?
Yes, I think you have the same model as I have.
Does your fax machine print out immediately a transmission protocol?
Yes, it will print immediately.

How many years have you done business with China?
Let me see, about five years, we established our business relationship with Hua Mei of China Import & Export Corporation in 2003.
Do you have any difficulties in doing business in China? You know the Chinese economic legislation is still incomplete?
I don't think I have any problem with our Chinese partners. They have always followed the contract strictly. We can do business directly with the corporation. As I mentioned before, the Chinese government is trying very hard to perfect its law. Its commercial legislation provides legal protection for foreign companies.
Well, it's known that the Sino-American relation is in a dilemma. Does it influence your business in China?
Actually not at present. But we are afraid it will. You know policies influence business to some extent.
I hope our government will not be influenced by some extremists. China is really a large market. We don't want to lose it.
Thank you.
You're welcome.

Give me a pack of first-class stamps, please.
Here you are. That will be five dollars. Anything else?
Yes. I want some post cards and some airmail stamps. I want to send some letters to South America.
Just a moment, I'll look up the rate for air-mail letters to South America.
Can you tell me how much it will cost to send a package to Colombia? Also, I what to know how long it will take.
Do you have the package with you? I would have to weigh it to see how much it would cost. Do you insure package?
Yes. All you have to do declare the value of the package and decide how much you want to insure it for.
Is there a way that I can be sure that the people in South america receive my package?
The post office rarely loses package. You can, however, request a rectum receipt.
One last question-what are your hours?
We open at eight-thirty in the morning and close at five-thirty in the afternoon.
Thank you, you helped me a lot.

Hello, thank you for taking the time to interview me.
Hi there, I’m Bill Gotcha, the owner of Gotcha Enterprises. Did you find your way here OK?
Your assistant gave wonderful directions.
Why are you switching jobs at this point in your career?
Our Company is moving overseas and I wish to stay in the United States.
What are you best at?
I am good at organizing systems that have been having problems.
What is your biggest challenge in terms of skills?
I don’t like to sit around and so like to always find things to do to keep myself busy.
That is good to hear?!

Good morning. SRC international. How may I help you?
Good morning. I'd like to speak to Peter. Chen Please.
Certainly. Who should I say is calling?
This is Tim. Hunter from Hunter industries.
And what is it regarding please?
We have an appointment for this afternoon. Mr. Chen will know why I'm calling.
Of course, Please hold the line Mr. Hunter.

Right, let me run through your options. You can go ahead and cash your undue Large-Amount Deposit Certificate if you really want to, but I'd recommend a Personal Durable Commodities Loan.
OK, what does that entail?
It's not too much trouble to do it this way and remember, your certificate is due in 2 months. If you can hold on to it, it'll be much better for your finances.
Yes, it does seem a little silly to cash it now. I'll probably need about 25,000 RIB. Will that be a problem?
Not at all, Mr Zu. As the certificate is due in 2 months, you can get the loan on mortgage of that certificate.
I'm glad you thought of this. I'd have just gone ahead and cashed it?! And I suppose I can use the money from the certificate to pay back this Personal Durable Commodities Loan and I won't lose any interest, right?
Exactly right. If you'd like to go ahead, I can process that for you now, Mr Zu.
Absolutely, Jenny. Thanks very much, I think you've saved me quite a lot of money today.

My aunt told me one of her secrets--cellophane tape. I just got it at the special health store. It's for my flabby arms.
Let me know how it works. I have to say, I have had enough of this roller coaster.
I know what you mean. I'm like a yo-yo. Last week I was down to 60 kilos. This week I had one donut more. Now I'm up to 62 kilos.

May I have a menu, please?
Of course. Could you tell me how this thing is cooked? Lobster?
It is steamed and served with our special sauce.
Is it good?
Sure. It is a most popular dish.
I think I will try some lobster, and give me some green salad together.

Can’t you come in and have tea now, Peter?
Not yet, I must water the garden first.
Do you have to water it now?
I’m afraid I must. Look at it?! It’s terribly dry.
What a nuisance?! Last summer it was very dry, too. Don’t you remember? I had to water it every day.
Well, I’ll have tea by myself.
That was quick?! Have you finished already? Yes, Look out of the window. It’s raining.
That means you needn’t water the garden.
That was a pleasant surprise. It means I can have tea, instead.

I'm broke, and I have to catch another bus.
Why don't you have any money for another bus?
I got hungry and bought some chips.
That was smart.
Anyway, do you have any change I can use for the bus?
I don't have any.
I don't know how I'm going to get home.
Get a transfer from the bus driver.
How much is a transfer?
It doesn't cost anything.
That's great?! Thanks for your help.
You know what? Don't mention it.

Hello, Anna. Come in and sit down.
Hello, doctor.
What's the matter? I've got a backache.
Do you often suffer from backache?
No, I don't. I've never had a bad one before. When did it start?
About four days ago.
Well, go home and rest in bed for two days, then you'll feel better. Can you give me some medicine? It's very painful.
Yes, I'll give you some pills. Take one a time and three times a day, and come back in three days. If you don't feel...

Welcome on board. May I see your boarding pass?
Here you are. Your seat is three, in the third row, near the window.
Thank you. Where can I put my suitcase?
Either in the overhead compartment or underneath the seat.
Everyone's attention, please. We are going to take off. Please fasten your belts.

Hello, madam. How do you like your staying here?
Quite good. Excuse me, are there any places of interest?
Yes, there are so many near our hoteI. Three blocks away from here, there is temple. It's famous for its building and paintings. lt' s worth visiting.
Thank you. I think today we will go there.

You're here to make a deposit, is that correct?
Right. I'd like to deposit 2,000 RIB into my Current Account.
No problem. Could I have the cash and your Bank Book, please?
Oh dear... there seems to be some problems here... What? What's wrong?
I'm sorry but 5 of these notes seem to be counterfeit. Look at this watermark, do you see it?
It does look a little strange, I didn't notice that before.

Hello, sir. Is there anything I can help you find?
Um... Uh... I'm just looking, thanks.
Need a gift for your girlfriend or wife...
No, no, no. I'm just browsing. Thanks anyway.
Well, if you need anything, just ask. Um... well, where's the men's shoe department?
It's on the third floor. Turn left when you get off the escalator.
Thanks.

An idea about killing time on a train?
I advise you to read Playboy.You can get a lot from it.
But there's quite a lot of rumors about it.
That's why it's interesting.

Have you brought the receipt with you?
No, I don't. I left it home.
Sorry, but we can't do anything without the receipt. Come back with it.
I didn't know. I'll go to get it. How late will you be open?
Till 5:30.

I haven't told you what happened yet, have I?
I haven't heard anything.
My boss offered me a promotion, and I took it.
Are you serious?
Yes, I am really excited.
That's great. Congratulations?!
Thank you.
Actually, I could not believe it at first. You know, there're so many outstanding people in our company. Many of them are qualified to fill that position.
Sure, but you really did great and outperformed the others. You deserved it?!
Thank you very much.

I like Chinese food.
I like Chinese food, too. I like dumplings best. At school, we sometimes have Chinese food for lunch.
That's good. We eat Chinese food only at the Chinese restaurant.
My mother can make some Chinese food.
Really? That's wonderful?!

OK. Come back into the classroom, class.
Does the class start again, Mam?
Yes, but to the heath, this break has last long enough.
Oh, breaktime flies. come on, baby. It’s time now.
Mam, another minute, could I?
Hurry up, little boy.

What's the actual flight time from here to San Francisco?
It's about twelve hours.
Can you tell me what time we're arriving?
Sure. Let me see... at 6:15 a. m. local time.
I see. And that'll be 10:15 p. m. Beijing time.

Excuse me, but I'm not feeling too well. I think I'm going to throw up.
There's an airsickness bag behind the seat that's in front of you.
I must've missed it. Is this your first time flying?
Yes. I'm going to San Francisco.
Oh, it's a beautiful city. I think you'll like it.
Hey, I'm feeling much better already.
Sometimes if you don't think about it, that sick feeling will go away on its own.
Thanks.
By the way, my name is Mary.
I'm Frank. Nice to meet you.

Welcome to Al's Bakery. What can I get you?
Hi?! Let me get a dozen croissants, four blueberry muffins and a loaf of sourdough bread.
Sure. Would you like to have the loaf sliced?
No, that's OK. Do you have any whole wheat bread?
We are out at the moment. May I suggest some rye bread?
Sure that sounds good. Do you have any cakes?
We have various birthday cakes and also ice cream cakes.
I'll just take a cheesecake.
Will that be all?
Yes.
Your total is forty three dollars and twenty cents.
You got it.

Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, we are happy you have all come out for our training workshop. Today we have a great line-up of speakers to talk to you. First on our program is a well-renown expert in the field of international economic development, Harvard's own Dr. James Smith. Dr. Smith has been involved in economic research for over twenty years, and has taught at Harvard since 1995. And now, without further adieu, we'd like to welcome Mr. James Smith.
Thank you, Mr. Jackson, ladies and gentlemen, colleagues, friends. The subject of my talk is international relations in a morgen world. I plan to say a few words about the current situation in the Middle East and how it affects world economy. I'd like to give you an overview of the way that the economies of seemingly unrelated countries are intertwined. I've divided my talk into three parts, first an overview of international relations, second a discussion of current political situations, and lastly trends for the future. My presentation will take about two hours, but there will be a twenty-minute break in the middle. We'll stop for lunch at 12.

You're looking rather pale, why?
I couldn't sleep well recently.
You'd get plenty of sleep for you work so hard.
I always drink too much wine in the evening.
You shan't drink more wine in the evening.
Yes, you are right.
And you'd take some exercise every day.
Many thanks for your advice.

Hello Mrs Parker, how have you been?
Hello Dr Peters. Just fine thank you. Ricky and I are here for his vaccines.
Very well. Let's see, according to his vaccination record, Ricky has received his Polio, Tetanus and Hepatitis B shots. He is 14 months old, so he is due for Hepatitis A, Chickenpox and Measles shots.
What about Rubella and Mumps?
Well, I can only give him these for now, and after a couple of weeks I can administer the rest.
OK, great. Doctor, I think I also may need a Tetanus booster. Last time I got it was maybe fifteen years ago?!
We will check our records and I'll have the nurse administer and the booster as well. Now, please hold Ricky's arm tight, this may sting a little.

I’m interested in teaching at your school.
Great. Are you a qualified teacher?
Yes.
What kind of teaching certificate do you have?
I have a TEFL certificate.
How many years of experience do you have?
I have three years of teaching ESL and four years of teaching per-school children.
When did you get your TEFL certificate?
I got my TEFL certificate three years ago.
Why do you want to teach at our school?
Well, I’Ve heard many good things about it. I also like teaching young children.
That’s great. Can you speak Chinese?
Yes, just a little.
Can you come in for an interview tomorrow at 10:00?
I sure can.
Great. See you then.

Why is the car before us stopping?
What's going on? Look. Two cars are standing right in the middle of the road and the drivers are shouting rude words to each other.
That's why that car stops.
More and more people easily get irritated while driving.
Yes. This is what is called road rage.

This is today’s schedule. At 8 thirty AM, conference with the department managers. At 9 o’clock, live for the workshop where you’ll award prizes to the staff for preventatives.
That’s great. What are the prizes?
3000 RIB as bonus for each person. To encourage the staff increases.
Ok. Next thing is laying the corner-stone for the new plant at 10 AM. At 12 AM, back here for lunch. What about the afternoon? At 2 PM, give a presentation here with the press. At four o’clock sharp, have dinner with Mr. Smith, manager of NCC.

This is Lincoln Bank, Consumer Credit Department. How can I help you?
Ah, hello. I'm calling to find out how I apply for a car loan.
We offer a Personal Automobile Consumer Loan. The application process is pretty straight forward. I trust you have enough funds to cover the 20 % down payment?
Yes, I do. It's ready and waiting in my account.
The next step is for us to recommend a dealer to you, who are already contracted to us, so...
Could I just stop you there? Sorry to interrupt, but I have already been to your appointed dealer and selected the car I want.
That will certainly cut down the processing time. We can move on to the next step. Do you have the purchase price?
Yes, it's 110,000 RIB. So, with the down payment done, I will need to borrow 70,000 RIB.
What we need you to do next is to come into the branch with a correctly filled in application form, ID card, proof of residency, proof of income, the agreement from the agent and of course the 20 % down payment.
Yes, I have everything here.
OK, I'll come in and see you later today. Maybe I could have my new car as early as next week?! How exciting?!

Hi, my name is Tom.
Tom, the new sales representative? Nice to meet you?! I'm Melinda.
Nice to meet you too.Melinda. Now let me show you around. This is our reception area, and our conference room is right over there. Over here is the sales department.
Really? This is a nice office, but it's quite small.
Yeah... You can make photocopies and send faxes over there.
It looks like you guys work hard.
I tell you what just between you and me, we just mess things up so that it looks like we work hard.Just kidding.
Oh, your cubicle is over the. And this way. Those are all private offices the managers offices.
Hmm... Tell me more details about our jobs.
Sure thing.

What do you think of our price? Your price has gone up sharply, hasn't it?
Yes. We regret we cannot maintain our original price. Since the prices of the raw materials have been raised, we have to adjust the price of our products accordingly.
I agree with you there, but your price is unreasonable.
I don't think so. You must compare our price with that of other export houses. I'm sure our offer is in line with the prevailing market price level.
I don't think we'll be able to pay the price.
To have this business concluded, you need to lower your price at least by 3 %.
I’m afraid that there is no room for any reduction in price.
Don't you agree with me that in the long run, moderate prices will bring about large sales and more profit?
We've already cut down our price to cost level.
Is that all?
Yes, this is the best we can do.
I'm sorry we can't handle the price you offered.

So, Jimmy, how does it feel to have your own money?
It’s great, dad. I don’t mind delivering papers, but the real fun is collecting the money.
Even though you are only twelve, it’s not too early to start saving a little money.
I’Ve never had a bank account before. Why don’t I just keep my money under the matters like grandpa does?
You know you would spend it. And also, money in the bank earns interest.
But what if I need my money suddenly?
The bank will give you a PIN, and you can withdraw money from any ATM.
Great?! So it’s almost the same as keeping it under the matters?!
Not quite. You have to maintain a minimum balance of twenty dollars. And sometimes the bank has service charges. But you don’t have to worry about that yet. Let’s go make your first depot OK.
Guess I have to do that before. I can make money my first withdrawal.

Is this where I can catch a bus to the theater?
Yes, but you can't get there with out a change.
Which bus do I have to change?
You have to get off at the hospital and change for bus 15.
I see. Thank you.

Here we are, Joan. This is the Palace museum, also known as the Forbidden city.
Oh, how splendid?! Can you take a picture of me here?
Sure.

Excuse me. I'm afraid I got lost. Where am I on this map?
We are here, bus station, we are in the heart of the city.
Oh?! Can I go from here to the Zhongshan Park?
Head straight up the street about two blocks then turn right.

Tony, could you tell me if there are any special rules about the job?
Working hours are from 8: 30 a. m. to 5:00 p. m. Be sure not to be late or absent. Report to the manager by filling in the' Monthly Report' every month.
Is there anything else? How about my salary?
Our company has a strict and reasonable salary standard. On the 20th day of every month, you can get your salary on time. Benefits depend upon the length of service and the employee's past attendance record.
Wow, thank you for telling me these. Do you mind telling me something else, like attendance record, holiday, and how to ask for leave?
All new members are likely to ask the same questions. Haha.
I can understand that. Every month you have three days off, besides the weekends and some important holidays. After you've been here for a year, you qualify for a one-week vacation. The leave less than a half-day should predict for an hour, and more than a half-day should predict three days.
Okay, that's good. I get it.

Kate, you never believe what's happened.
What do you mean?
Masha and Hero are getting divorced.
You are kidding. What happened?
Well, I don't really know, but I heard that they are having a separation for 2 months, and filed for divorce.
That's really surprising. I always thought they are well matched.
What about the kids? Who get custody?
Masha, it seems quiet and makable, no quarrelling about who get the house and stock and then contesting the divorce with other details worked out.
That's the change from all the back stepping we usually hear about.
Well, I still can't believe it, Masha and Hero, the perfect couple.
When would they divorce be final?
Early in the New Year I guess.

Overseas operator. I would like to make a collect call to Taipei, Taiwan, please.
Your name, please.
Tim Chen.
What's the number, please.
The area code is 2, and the number is 2367-9960.
The line is connected. Please go ahead.

Hello. Excuse me.
Yes. Can I help you? Do you remember me? I just had lunch here a half hour ago.
Of course I remember you.
I think I lost my wallet here.
Oh, no. Really? I didn't see anything.
Really? You didn't find a wallet?
No, I didn't.
Would you like to go look by the table with me?
Yes, I would.
It's not here. And it's not on the floor.Has anyone sat at this table since we left?
No. It's been empty the whole time.
Hmm. I don't know how it could have happened.
I remember, sir, that your friend took the bill.You didn't pay for the lunch yourself, did you?
No. My friend did.
Then are you sure you took your wallet out of your pocket while you were here?
No, I'm not sure. But I usually take out my wallet when I sit down.It' s uncomfortable to sit on it. So I usually put it next to me on the table.
Maybe you lost it before you came here. Or maybe you left it at home.
I don't think it's at home. I think I had it when I left the house.But what should I do?
Well, the first thing you should do is make sure it's not at home.Then, if it isn't, you need to call your credit card companies and cancel your cards. Next, you need to replace whatever you lost, your driver's license, things like that.
Should I call the police?
You can if you want. But the police usually don't do anything about lost wallets.
Hmm. I'll go home and check. Maybe you're right. Maybe it's at home.
I'm sorry we couldn't find it, sir.
Thanks for your help.

Good morning, young lady. You can call me Ma. Do you see anything you like?
Yes. Many things?! I especially love this beautiful quilt.
That quilt was passed down to me from my ma in Holland.
It sounds like a special quilt. Why do you want to sell it?
Well, this home is too big for me now, so I'm moving to an apartment that is much smaller. Therefore, I need to part with a few things.
Oh, I see. Umm, how much do you want for the quilt?
Is fifteen dollars OK?

Have you got change for a thousand?
Let me see.

May I come in, Mr Sun?
I’d rather you didn’t, Miss Yang. I’m very busy now.
Can I try later then?
Yes, of course.
Is it all right for me to come in now, Mr Sun?
Well, uh... I’m still pretty busy, but... all right. Come in.
What can I do for you?
Do you mind if I sit down?
Not at all. Take a seat. Now what can I do for you?
I want to leave the department. Do you think I could put info a transfer?
Yes.
But why should you want to do that?
Do you mind if I speak frankly?
Not at all. Go ahead.
Well. You see, I don’t like the office. I don’t like the staff. And I’m afraid of you. And I don’t want to go one. So may I put info a transfer?
Yes. I’d be delighted if you did.

Where is that? Take me to the airport, please.
Are you in a hurry?
I have to be there before 17 o'clock.
We'll make it except a jam. You know it's rush hour.
There's an extra ten in it for you if you can get me there on time.
I'll do my best.
Here's twenty dollars. Do you have small bills?
No. If you can't break it, keep the change. But can you give me a receipt?
Here is your receipt.
Thank you.

Recently I have been getting headache and my eyes don't seems to see focus properly.
When did you last time have your eyes checked?
Two years ago. At that time I had no problems.Now I can’t even make out something ten meters away.
Come over here. I will test your eyes. First cover your left eye like this, and when I point, please read the chart from the top, and go as far as you can, telling me which way the “ E ” points.
All right. Good.Now the other eye. Well, this one is worse.
Never mind, just read as far as you can.
I can only read the first three lines.

Is there a car park near the supermarket?
Yes, there is an underground car park near the supermarket.
I see. Thanks.

Oh, come on, Ultraman?! What's up, Bro? What's in the bulletin?
It says that there will be a blackout from 5 p. m. to 7 p. m. in our neighborhood today.
Blackout? Even the TV has the limit. Don't you know you will look like a monster in the blackout?
Oops, no, Daddy can't watch American Idol, either?! That's not the point.
Come on, can you imagine that there will be no electricity on such a hot day? Oh, my god?! No air-conditioner?!
OK, since you are the smart one, can you come up with a better plan? So that we won't be baked like cookies here.
How about playing Barbie out there in the neighborhood?
Barbie? You know, I might be seven, but I'm not a girl.
Do you have a better plan?
All right, all right.

Yes, ma'am, how could I help you?
I am wondering if you do facial care?
Yes, we do.
How much would it be?
From 200 to 800.
I'm afraid 800 is too expensive for me. Could you recommend something around 300?
No problem.

Can I help you, Miss?
I would like to order 2 office-style cabinets and desk calendars. We want office-style cabinets in white. The catalogue number is 90-f-2356.
How soon do you want it?
Could you deliver it tomorrow?
No problem. Please handle the items carefully.
Certainly.
We will pay by collect on delivery.

I hate to do this to you, Alice, but I’m going to have to ask you to put in some more overtime.
Does it have to be this afternoon, Mr. Fairbanks? I’Ve already made plans.
Well, I would have preferred to do it today, but if you’Ve already made plans, we can do it tomorrow.
I’d appreciate that, sir. How long do you think you’ll need me to stay?

What’s your attitude when do wrong things at work?
The buck stops here.

Hello?! Is your company advertising for administrative assistant on the newspapers?
Well, Administrative assistant with shorthand and typing skills are badly needed here.
First I want to check about the availability and see if you could give me more information.
The position calls for a person with some working experience. We must be able to benefit from your analytical and interpersonal skills. Can you deliver your resume to us first?
Of course. I will deliver my resume to you in minutes' time. I hope you will consider my application and I shall appreciate a reply at your earliest convenience.
OK. I will call you soon. Bye now.
Bye.

Just as the saying goes, every potter praises his own pot. You should pay special attention to selling yourself properly in the interview. It is especially important for the graduates who step into the job market for the first time. You'd better prepare what you are going to say in advance, in order to have a good performance in the interview. The contents should be mainly descriptions of your background. And the length depends on the particular situation. Only when you are aware of what the interviewer will be interested in, can you make a targeted preparation. To sell yourself successfully, you should leave the interviewer a deep impression. Selling yourself should go straight to the point, and the statement should be clear and brief. It should also be truthful and realistic. Do not blindly blow your own horn. You should particularly state your strong points which are closely related to the position you are applying for. While you should not omit your weak points, they need to be described appropriately Time permitted, you could add certain examples to your description. Besides, in the interview, it is best that you make corresponding adjustments to apply your prepared contents flexibly.

Hello?
Hi, Deborah?! This is John. I'm calling from Australia.
What are you doing in Australia?
I'm attending a conference in Sydney this week. Remember?
Oh, right. What time is it there?
It's 10:00 P. M. And it's four o'clock in Los Angeles, right?
Yes - four o'clock in the morning.
4:00 A. M.? I'm really sorry.
That's OK. I'm awake now.

John hasn't turned up and Stefan is ill. Do we have anyone on stand-by?
I'm afraid not, we're very short-staffed at the moment.
Can you ask the shift supervisor to ask one of his team to do some overtime?
Perhaps Tommy can stand in for an hour or two until we find a replacement.

Jack, let’s go?! Oh, you are out of breath?! What happened?
Some people are wildly shooting on the next street. We must leave here as soon as possible?!
Take it easy. They will get caught.

Hello. May I speak to Jerry, please?
Sorry, but he is out for lunch right now.
I see. Can you give me some idea how long he'll be back?
I think he will be back around 2:00. If you like, please leave your name and phone number, I'll have him call you as soon as he comes back.
That's nice. My name is Steven, my phone number is 6789777.
Okay, I'll be waiting for his call. Thank you and bye?!
My pleasure, bye?!

Excuse me, Miss. What can I do for you?
I've just heard an announcement that my flight has been delayed.
What's your flight number?
Flight CA216 to Chengdu.
Yes, it's true. It has been delayed.
Could you please tell me why?
Yes, of course. The delay is due to heavy rain.
How long will the delay be? Do you have any further information about it?
I am sorry, we don't know the extent of the delay at present. But according to the latest weather forecast, there will be a change in weather soon. We have to wait.
Well, is it possible for the rain to stop before noon?
It's hard to say. Weather is so changeable in the summer. Please listen to the latest announcement about your flight.
Yes, I will. Thanks a lot. Bye?!
Bye

What are we going to do? I can't get the car out of this ditch. I'm stuck?!
I'm worried, Tom. I haven't seen any other cars for almost an hour.
I know. This is terrible. What can we do? This snow doesn't stop falling?!
I told you we should have stayed in town today.The weather report said 100 percent chance of snow.Why did you want to come up here?
I wanted to show you the cabin. We only had another half-hour to go.
Well, now we're stuck. What can we do?
I don't know. I've heard that when this happens, it's important to save energy.
What do you mean? We're stranded here, Tom. We may be here a long time.We need to conserve the gas in the car. The car's energy is what will keep us warm.
I have plenty of gas.
Yes, but the gas and the battery both have to stay working.We can't just let the car run and run.If we do, it will die soon. Then we'll freeze.
So what can we do?
Turn the lights off.Then, run the car and the heater only about fifteen minutes every hour.That will conserve the heat as long as possible.
Alright. That's a good idea. I wish we hadn't come up here. Now we'll probably be here for days.
Days?
Yes, it happens.That is what happens in big snowstorms. People get stranded for days.
Oh, my God?! It's good we have food. Probably we'll survive.But turn the car off for about forty-five minutes. Then we'll turn it on again.

Hey, buddy, can’t you see there’s a line?
Oh, sorry. I didn’t know.
What? You haven’t taken the bus before?
No, I’m afraid not.
Well, you have to wait in line like everyone else. Besides, you should let old people on first.
Sorry.
It’s all right. Where are you going?
I wanted to see the White House.
Oh, well you don’t want this bus, anyway. It goes to Georgetown.
Oh, no. It’s all right, though. Just get off at the next stop and catch the 79A.
Oh, well thank you very much.
You’re welcome.

Can I help you?
I'd like the double cheese burger meal, please.
What kind of drink would you like with that?
Just coke will be fine.
Would you like a super size meal? Only 2 RIB more, you'll get large coke and fries instead of medium. And today we are offering free toys all the meal boxes.
That sounds good, thanks, I'd like that. Actually I'd like sprite instead of coke, thanks.
That's not a problem, Miss. Will that be it?
Yes, that's all. That will be 25RMB, please
You got it.

Do you have any night tours?
Yes, we will depart in 10 minutes.
Is that a guided tour?
Yes, it is.
That's fine. Let's get on the bus.

I am sure we will make it up as soon as possible.
That's nice. We hope this matter will not affect our good relations in our future dealings.
Of course not. We have cooperated for a long time.

I would like to purchase some meat.
What kind of meat would you like to get today?
First off, I'm going to need a pound of ground beef.
A pound of ground beef is $ 2.48.
That's perfect. What else will you be needing?
I'm also going to need three pounds of chicken breasts.
The chicken breasts cost $ 4.05 per pound. What's the total price for the chicken?
It's going to be $ 12.15.
Okay, I think that will be all for me today.

I think you know already that I want to discuss the represent - ton for your alarm clocks.
Yes, Mr. Bergeron. You mentioned that in your letter.
To tell you the truth, your proposal surprised us.
Is that so?
Anyhow I want to go over the details with you in person, so you can give my suggestion thorough consideration.
Our firm specializes in this line of business. We have six sales representatives, who are on the road all the time, covering the whole of the European market.
Do you sell direct to shops?
Yes, we specialize in handling clocks and watches of all sorts. We have well established channels of distribution and we canvass the retailers direct, without any middlemen.
Do you keep a stock of these things?
In some cases, such as the wristwatches, which always have a steady market, we keep a stock in London and act as distributors as well as agents. Generally, however, we pass on the orders of our clients to the manufacturers for supply. We are paid for our service, of course.
That is, your commission.
Yes, our commission is very reasonable. We usually get a 10 % commission of the amount on every deal. Our agents in other areas usually get a 3-5 % commission. The European market is not familiar with your products. You have competitors from Japan and other continental countries. At the beginning of our campaign, there is sales resistance to overcome, we must send out salesmen to do a lot of traveling and spend a considerable amount of money on advertising in news - papers and TV programs. A 10 % commission will not leave us much.
According to your estimate, what is the maximum annual turn - over you can fulfill, in round figures, of course?
We will always do our utmost to enlarge the business, as our remuneration increases with the turnover, but we will not guar - ante anything, at least not to begin with.
We appreciate very much your intention to push the sale of our products. But our suggestion to you, Mr. Bergeron, as a preliminary step, is to do a little research into the market...
Do you mean to say you refuse us the agency?
Mr. Bergeron, you leave us no alternative. We can not give you an exclusive agency of the whole European market without having the slightest idea of your possible annual marketing turnover. Besides our price is worked out according to the costing. A 10 % commission means an increase in our price. We must have the reaction of the buyers in this respect.
Oh, that's just too bad. I intended to make great efforts in selling your products.
Well, we can still carry on our business relationship without the agreement. To start the ball rolling, we will provide you with price lists, catalogues and some samples. Only when you have a thorough knowledge of the marketing possibilities of our products, can we then discuss further details.
Ah, Mrs. Miller, but in this case am I covered?
Oh, yes. We will give you a 5 % commission on every transaction.
All right, but I'll be back again for the Autumn Fair. And then I hope we can see eye to eye about our commission and the terms of the agency.
Very good. We will discuss the matter again at the next Fair.

Excuse me, I’m sorry to trouble you. My name is Susan Ransom, and I have placed several orders with you company.
Yes, Mr. Ransom? This is Karl Miller. How may I help you?
Well, I wonder if you could track an order I placed with you last month. It hasn’t arrived yet.
Certainly, Ms. Ransom. Do you have an order number?

Have you worked out the offers. Mr. Thou?
Yes, we have. Here's our CIF quotation sheet. Please have a careful look.
Are the prices on the list firm offers?
Yes. All the quotations on the list are subject to our final confirmation.
I wonder whether there are any changes in your prices.
All these products are our best-selling lines. The prices of our products will change according to that of the international market demand. And we are always open to negotiate, especially on larger orders.
What do you have in mind?
How long does your offer remain valid?
I need some time to get my supervisors on board with this plan.
I understand. Our offer remains open for 4 days.

Hello sir, may I help you?
Yeah, I accidentally dropped my phone in the toilet.
I see. Well, you have come to the right place. We have over one hundred models of more than twenty leading mobile phone manufacturers.
Sounds good. I don’t want it to be too expensive, maybe something mid-range.
We have this new ETC smart phone.It comes with the Android OS so you can download applications. It also has a built-in camera, mp3 player and touch screen. It works on the 3G network so you have fast access to the internet wherever you are.
What about Wi-fi?
Of course?! You can access the internet from any hotspot as well as from home.
One last thing. Is it waterproof?

We have been over this a hundred times?! We are not getting a pet?!
Why not? Come on?! Just a cute little puppy or a kitty?!
Who is going to look after a dog or a cat?
I will?! I’ll feed it, bathe it and walk it every day?! We can get a Labrador or a German Shepard?!
What if we want to take a vacation? Who will we leave it with? Plus, our apartment is too small for that breed of dog.
Ok. How about we get a cat or a ferret?
We’re planning on having children soon, I don’t think those animals are a good idea with a baby in the house.
Fine?! Let’s get a bird then?! We can keep it in its cage and teach it to talk?! A parrot would be awesome?!
I’ll tell you what, I can get you some hamsters and we’ll take it from there.
Yay?!

Good evening, Mr. Lee and thank you for choosing our airline. We have just discovered that this flight is overbooked. Would you like to volunteer to give up your seat?
Overbooked? Give up my seat? I don’t understand.
From time to time we have a situation in which there are more passengers than there are seats on the aircraft. That’s overbooked.
I know what overbooked is, I just don’t understand how that could happen?
Actually it’s a common practice to overbook, as passengers often don’t take their flight as scheduled. Most of the time there is no problem but today, more passengers arrived than we have seats,
So who has to stay behind?
Well, first we ask for volunteers. If someone like yourself volunteers, they receive a free round trip ticket to be used within one year. If no one volunteers we just have to select someone.
Ok. I’ll volunteer. I could use a free ticket?!

I want to rent this apartment.
I’m glad to hear that. How much are you asking?
You will have to pay $ 1050 every month.
I can’t afford that. What can you afford?
I was thinking $ 800 a month.
I’ll need you to pay more than that. How much more?
How does $ 900 every month sound to you?
I can live with that. We have a deal then.

Good morning, Miss Monica. Nice to meet you again?!
Good morning, Mr. Thomas, it is nice to see you too. After the internal discussion, we have all agreed that you are the most suitable person for this position among all the candidates. So, today let’s talk about your expected salary and social benefits. What is your expected salary?
I’Ve worked in the field for more than 4 years. Depend on my work qualifications and experience, I would like to have 5000 Yuan to start.
The basic salary for your position in our company would be 4800 Yuan to start with increases giving according to your performance.
It is a bit lower than I expected. But I can accept that.
What are the working hours?
40 hours a week, Monday to Friday, 9 AM to 5 PM with one hour lunch break every day..
Do I have to work on weekend? If so, how do you pay for the overtime?
We do expect overtime work when it is necessary, but we pay twice of the work hour for working on weekends and three times for working on national holidays like Spring Festival and the Mid-Autumn Day.
Is there probation?
No probation is involved. If you feel good, you can start next week.

Welcome to the McDonald's. What will it be for you, madam?
One Big Mac and French Fries.
Is there anything else?
Give me one coke, please.
Is this to go or to eat here?
To go, please.
That comes to four dollars and ten cents.
And can I have some ketchup, please?
It's on the service counter over there. Please go to help yourself.

What's the name of this street?
University Street.
Do you know of any banks near here?
You'll see one at the corner on your right.

Hey there, you look a little lost. Are you new here?
Yeah how’d you know?
You can always spot the newbies. I can give you a few pointers if you want. Were you trying to use this machine here?
Yeah?! I just started my training today and I’m not really sure where to begin.
It’s ok, I know how it is. This machine here will work out your upper body, mainly your triceps and biceps. Are you looking to develop strength or muscle tone and definition?
Well, I don’t want to be ripped like you?! I just want a good physique with weights and Carpio.
In that case you want to work with less weight. You can start off by working ten to fifteen reps in four sets. Five kilo weights should be enough. Now it’s very important that you stretch before pumping iron or you might pull a muscle.
Got it?!
Wow is that the weight you are lifting? My goodness that’s a lot of weight?!
It’s not that much. Just watch... I’m ok...

Excuse me.Could you tell me how to return to the Hilton Hotel? I am afraid I lost my way.
Do you have a hotel card or something? Let's see.Yes, I have the address and telephone number here.
Oh, you're staying at the downtown Hilton.Then, you go down two blocks this way and turn left.You' ll find it on the right.
Well, I don't understand it very well.Will you draw me a map?

Excuse me, but could you tell me the way to the railway station?
The railway station? Just go down this street and turn left at the second corner. The station is at the end of that street.
How long will it take me to get there?
It's about a ten-minute walk.
That's very clear. I think I can find my way now. Thank you.
Not at all.

How does the political system work in your country?
We have hundreds of constituencies and the voters in each one elect a member of parliament. Most people call them mp’s.
Each mp belongs to a political party, right?
Almost all of them do. A few are independent. That means that they do not belong to a party.
If one party more than half of the mp’s. they form a government. That means that they choose a prime Finist
What’s a cabinet?
This is a small group of people-perhaps 25 mp’s who are usually ministers. They make all the big decision and discuss laws and policy.
Can any mp make a law?
Any mp can present a law to parliament. The proposed law is debated and voted on. If it is accepted, it becomes law.
I suppose a proposed a law needs the support of the big political parties.
Yes, it does, because they have most of the mp’s. most mp’s vote the way their party wants them to.
How do people choose which party or candidate to vote for?
They produce manifesto. These documents which states their policies. Some people just vote for the same party every time there is an election. Voters who often change the party they vote for are Calle

How was your interview?
Pretty good. The HR manager asked me the usual questions. Then he wondered why I had decided to leave my previous job.
What did you say?
I told him that I hadn’t got a raise for three years. I also told him that one of my best co-workers quitted her job because she had not been promoted for eight years.
Did he want to know the reasons?
Yes. I told him that my boss made some excuses of the recession. But I thought he had a pattern and a record of promoting men only. That’s sex discrimination.
When will you get the reply?
In a couple of days, I was told.
Wish you good luck?!
Thank you.

What qualities do you think a senior executive should possess?
Generally speaking, he needs creativity, the ability to communicate, sense of personal responsibilities, the ability to solve problems and so on.
Do you have all these qualities?
Yes, I have all of them. I am totally competent to be a senior executive.

Hi. I need more amenities, please.
Could you be a little more specific, sir?
Well, to be more specific, the free stuff, like soap, lotion, and shampoo.
I understand. Now, you're saying that you've already used up all your amenities?
Oh, no?! I've got all I need for my stay here.
So, what's the problem?
I need souvenirs?!
You want some souvenirs?!
Yes, yes. Souvenirs.
But, sir, our souvenir shop carries all those items.
That's not the same thing. If you buy hotel souvenirs, they have no sentimental value.
I understand, sir. I'll call housekeeping. You'll have your souvenirs shortly.

Hello, may I help you?
Yes.We' re interested in seeing the rooms for rent.
Oh, how nice.They' re bright rooms and the house is very quiet.
A nice quiet house is exactly what we're looking for.
Well, gentleman.Each room is $ 40 a week if you think that's OK.
That sounds just wonderful to us. When do you want to move in?
How about this afternoon?
Fine. I'll be expecting you around two.

Are you ready to order? May I suggest a veal?
No, I'll have the fish please.
The chicken is also nice.
No, I want the fish.
Our special tonight is lobster.
Thank you, but I prefer the fish.
Perhaps you'd enjoy the lamb.
No, I like the fish.
What ever you say?

Am I ever hungry? When will supper be ready?
It's almost ready. Can you set the table?
All right. Want to taste this dish?
Yeah. Oh, it's delicious?! Really?
Definitely. It's a wonderful meal.
Thank you, Honey. If you like to help me do the dishes, I'll be more dreadful.
I wish I could, but I won't.

Good morning, Kate. Long time no see.
Good morning, Vera, Nice to meet you.
Kate, I know you’Ve been a stewardess for more than one year. And I’ll have an interview on stewardess tomorrow. Can you tell me some etiquette about the interview?
Of course. First you should do up your long hair and do make up but not too thick.
Is there anything else I should pay attention to?
Yes, when you attend the interview, you should pay attention to your manner, style of conversation and expression. You should keep smiling always, being polite when you talk with the interviewer. Don't move from time to time when you sit there. And you also should know how to use eye contact.
Thank you, I've learned so much from you.
That’s all right. Hope you can do better tomorrow.

Can you fix me a cup of tea, Johnny?
Well... uh... how about a glass of juice instead?
No. I'd like tea. Can you put it in my favorite cup? You probably washed it...
Oh, yeah. Well, uh, about your mug... I'll find it...
Where are all the floral pattern plates? And dad's Yankee's mug?

Good morning, sir. May I help you?
Yes, I'd like to settle my bill.
Certainly sir. May I have your room key, please?
Sure. Here you are.
Just a moment, please. I'll draw up your bill for you... Thank you for waiting, sir. Your bill totals two thousand six hundred and fifty-eight yuan, including the phone and laundry.
That much?! Would you mind letting me have a look at it?
Not at all, sir. Here you are.
Thanks. Well, It seems to be right. How much is that in dollars, please?
Just a moment, sir. I'll calculate that for you. It comes to 305 dollars and 52 cents at today's exchange rate.
I see. OK. How would you like to make the payment?
In cash, please.
Here you are.
Thank you, sir... Here is your change. Could you check it, please? Thank you for choosing our hotel. I hope you enjoyed your stay.
By the way, please forward my mail to this address.
Certainly, sir. We hope you have a good trip.

Hi, Sam. I want to buy a pet. Do you have any ideas?
You really should go to Rachel's pet store.
why? anything special there?
it's more than special. You can find as many kinds of animals as you can put a name to and more.
Oh, really? are there any snakes?
snakes? there are even rodents and monkeys?! it's a world of exotic pets.
that's terrific. I can't wait to check it out.
Hang on. are you sure you want to keep a non-traditional pet?
why not? it's so cool.
but it will pose a risk to your health.
pardon?
i mean, most reptiles carry some harmful bacteria. they are likely to cause immune system problems.
well, I didn't realize that. I don't believe it's a good choice to keep those pets, especially for families with young children.
oh, I should have thought of my brother's baby girl. Maybe I'll just have a dog instead of an exotic pet.
yes, good luck, Maria.

I’m a new student. My name’s Robert. Nice to meet you.
My name’s Sophie. Are you French?
Yes, I’m. Are you French, too?
No, I’m not. What nationality are you?
I’m Italian. Are you a teacher?
No, I’m not. What’s your job?
I’m a keyboard operator. What’s your job?
I’m an engineer.

I can’t believe Obama is our President.
I am proud to know that he is our President.
You voted for him, right?
Did you vote for him, because I know that I did.
I did, too. I have nothing but faith in Obama.
Really? I’m sure he will help better America.
We do need some change in this country.
Our country is already changing as it is.
You’re absolutely right. I trust that he will take good care of our country.

Do you have a reservation, sir?
No, I’m afraid we don’t.
I’m sorry the restaurant is full now. You have to wait for about half an hour. Would you like to have a drink at the lounge until there’s a table available.
No, thanks, I’ll come back later. May I reserve a table for two?
Yes, of course. May I have your name, sir?
Bruce
By the way, can we have a table by the window?
we’ll try to arrange it, but I can’t guarantee sir.
That’s fine.
your table's ready, sir? Please step this way.

Do you have coffee shops in China, too?
Yes, of course. There are many tea houses and bars in China, too. People can drink, eat and relax at these places.
You like to go to these places, don’t you?
Yes, sometimes the music there is so beautiful. It is very romantic. I can stay there for hours.
Do you often go there alone?
No, I often go there with my friends.

Hi there?! I am looking for a new car. I have this old Ford Pinto that I would like to trade in.
I see. You are in luck this month because all of our models are on sale?! it is a perfect time to buy a new car since it’s the end of the year.
Perfect?!
I like this one.
That is the Ford Focus. A very light but powerful vehicle. It comes with dual side airbags, power steering and power windows, tinted windows and your choice of either automatic or manual transmission.
Sounds like a good car?! How many miles to the gallon?
It is a very fuel efficient vehicle giving you about 34 miles in the city and 40 on the highway.
That is really convenient. Especially now that fuel prices are so high?!
What’s under the hood?
A very powerful 2.5- liter turbocharged engine, Trust me, this car is fast?!
Now for the most difficult question. What is the price tag for this lovely vehicle?
Very affordable mam. You can take it out of this lot today with 0 % down payment and no interest for the first year?! You can test drive it now and we can sign the papers when we get back.
Great?! Let’s do it?!

I wonder if you could help me, I'm looking for a room.
Well, I have got a vacancy.
What sort of price are you asking?
Eight dolls fifty a week excluding laundry.
Would it be convenient to see the room?
Can you call back later? We're right in the middle of lunch.

Could you give me an expense report? I would like to attach the invoices for my phone bill this season.
Here you are. Do you need glue?
That is very kind of you. I’m just running out of glue.
You’re welcome.

IBA, Jane speaking. How can I help you?
Hello. I'd like to speak to someone regarding my card.
Sorry, I'm not quite sure if I understand. In what way, Sir? Has your card been stolen?
No, no. Nothing at all like that. It's just that I applied for a credit card with you a while ago, my application was accepted, but I'm still waiting for my card.
Oh, I see, Sir. Well, it does take 5 working days to issue and post the card.
Yes, my application was accepted last Friday. Now it's Wednesday, that's more than 5 days.
Sorry, Sir, but it's 5 working days. This does not include weekends, so your card should be with you later this week.
Of course?! How silly of me?! Yes, 5 working days would mean this Friday, at the earliest.
I see. I'm sorry to trouble you.
It's no trouble at all, Sir. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nothing, thanks. I again apologise for the misunderstanding, bye for now.

What can I do for you, sir?
We'd like to order breakfast for tomorrow morning.
Yes, sir. What would you like?
Orange juice, scrambled eggs, bacon, toast and coffee.
OK, and when shall I bring it here?
About seven thirty.By the way, could you also bring me tomorrow's papers?
Of course, sir.

What shall we do when we find a shortage in the shipment?
You should do one of the two things - either to lodge a claim with the shipowner or with the insurance company.
Shall we leave it to the brokers?
Yes. They usually do it. Do they charge for that?
Of course. In Europe, they charge a commission of 1 % of the amount of the claim for their service.
Is it the same in America?
They do the work without charge to the importer. It's part of their service, isn't it?
Exactly. Is it enough to claim with an on board bill of lading?
No, you must also obtain a statement from the shipping agent certifying that the goods were actually loaded on their vessel for shipment.
I see. By the way, how do we prove the ownership of our goods?
You must provide full original set of ocean bills of lading original insurance policy or certificate and the original commercia invoice.
I see. Thank you.
You are welcome.

I'll be on business for a couple of days, could you take care of your sister?
OK, Mum, when will you be back?
I'll be back in ten days.

Passport, please, madam.
Just a minute, please. It's in my bag. Here it is.
Thank you. Please fill out the Baggage Declaration Form.
All right. Shall I enter all my belongings?
No, only the articles listed on the Declaration.

I’m hungry, let’s go grab a bite to eat.
Yeah me too.
Oh?! Can we stop at the shop really fast? I lost my makeup bag at the airport and I want to pick up a few things.
Will you take long?
No?! Five minutes I promise?!
Come on?! We have been here for almost an hour?! I thought you said you were only going to get a few things?! How long does it take you to pick out a lipstick and some nail polish?!
Are you crazy? You have no idea what you are talking about?! Just for my eyes I have to get eye-liner, an eyelash curler, eye shadow, an eyebrow pencil and mascara. Then I need to get foundation, liquid foundation.
Whoa whoa whoa?! Are you nuts? How much is all this going to cost? I’m looking at the price at each one of these little things and it’s outrageous?! This is basically a crayon?!
What about you? You spend as much or more money on your razors, after shave, cologne and gel?! Not to mention how much you spend on clothes and...
Fine?! Get the stupid thirty dollar crayon?!

Can I borrow five bucks?
No?!
Come on?! I'll pay you back on Tuesday.
Last time I lent you money, you never paid me back.
I promise if you lend me five dollars today, I will repay you in full next week.
Ok, but I'm taking your skateboard as collateral.
Fine?! I can't believe you don't trust me.
It's nothing personal, just business.

May I help you, sir?
Yes, please. I'm looking for a cotton polo shirt.
Any particular colour?
Not really. How about this one?
I like the design, but don't particularly care for the colour. Do you have that in other colours, too?
Well, they come in white, pale yellow, aqua, red and green. Will a white one do?
Yes. I prefer white - and may I see a pale yellow one, too?
Why, of course. Let's see... White... Pale yellow. Here you are, sir.

I’m so surprised to meet you in this remote village. Long time no see.
Yeah. How are you these days?

You look terrific and in good shape.
Thank you. How do you keep fit?
I do yoga twice a weeks
Yoga? It sounds interesting.
It was hard at the beginning, but now feel it's really relaxing. It makes me flexible.
Anything else?
Yes, I often go swimming. Are you interested in swimming?
Yes, I like it very much.

Are you going home now?
No, I'm not. What are you going to do? Are you going to work late?
No, I'm not. I'm going to look for an apartment.
An apartment? Why?
I'm going to try to find a place near the office.
Where are you living now?
Out in the suburbs. It's a long trip to work every day.
How are you going to find an apartment?
I'm going to buy a newspaper and check the classified ads.
Apartments in the city are expensive.
I know, but I'm going to enroll in a night school to take a course in business management.

no, no, you helped me with my computer last week. I want to repay the favor.
no, it's definitely my turn to treat you... you paid last time?!
oh, that was just a quick bite to eat---that doesn't count?!
ok, ok, how about we just go Dutch?
It's settled.
Listen, I'm still pretty new around here, would it be alright if you found the restaurant?
ok... sure.

I am waiting for a fax but just now I found there’s something wrong with the fax machine.
What’s wrong with the fax machine? Is it urgent?
Yes, very urgent. And there is no other fax machine around. And the office of our boss is closed, so I can not use his machine either. And his secretary is out. Do you have any suggestion?
Either call this extension number 0085 or ask them to send the fax to you as e-mail, you print it out.

Hey, Jim. It's time to wake up and get out of bed.
Do I have to get up now?
You'd better get up, or you'll be late.
What're you talking about? My alarm even hasn't gone off yet.
Yes, it did. It went off thirty minutes ago. You slept right through it. You're like a dead person while you sleep.
I must have slept right through it.
Rise and shine?! Sleepyhead?!
Just let me sleep five more minutes.
The early bird gets the worm.
I know, I know. But I don't want any worms. Ha?! Ha?!
If you don't make an effort now, later on it'll be a lot tougher for you.

What shall we do tonight?
How about the cinema?
That's a good idea. We haven't seen a film for ages. What would you like to see?
Oh I don't know. Titanic?
Titanic? That old film? but I've seen it before?!

I’Ve been told you might have a vacant room.
Yes. I have a spare room.
How much are you asking?
10.00 dollars a night.
Could I see the room, please?
Sure.Come on in.

Sit down, please. What's wrong with you?
I feel cold, and I'm shivering. I have a terrible headache and a sore throat.
How long have you been like that?
About a day.
Let me have a look at your throat first. Please open your mouth and say " ah ".
Ah... And show me your tongue... Thank you. That'll do. You have slight tonsillitis, and your throat is inflamed. How is your appetite?
Not so good. Now, let me take your temperature. Please put this thermometer under your armpit and let me feel your pulse? Your pulse is weak.
Do I have a temperature, doctor?
Yes, you have a high fever. I'd like to give you a blood test.

Yikes?! What was that noise?
I had to blow my nose.
Did you have to blow right next to the phone? Did you hear that?
Of course I heard that. I thought a plane had crashed into your house.
It wasn't that loud.
I will blow my nose sometime for you, and you'll see.
Okay. I'll take your word for it. I thought you had an elephant in your house.
You're funny.
What did you say? I think I've gone deaf.
I'm going into the bathroom to blow my nose. I'll be right back.

Can I have the check please?
Right away, sir.
Is this amount correct?
Yes, sir, it is.
Thank you, the service was good
Please come again.

Nowadays fewer and fewer people go to the movie theaters to see films. So I am afraid that the film studios are really getting hard time to survive.
What you said is true. But the film producers there are more flexible ways to get more audience. For example, to make more movie Ccds, so people will spend money buying them. But it is true that cinemas are losing the attraction they used to have in the past.
Yes. Take myself for example. I seldom go to cinemas, but it doesn't mean I no longer see films ; instead, I see films at home-watching Ccds.

Okay, well I’m sure you have a number of questions to ask me regarding the position.
Yes, well Miss Childs did give mean overview of the position over the phone, but there were some details I’d like to clarify.
Well feel free to ask me anything, and I’ll try to fill in the details. Could I first ask about the remuneration package?
Yes, of course. That’s quite an important point, isn’t it? As a junior sub editor we offer a starting salary of 150,000 HK dollars per annum. This doesn’t include a generous housing allowance also.
I understand. And are there other bonuses included?
Well, apart from full health insurance we do offer a company staff bonus scheme linked to readership numbers. But we could go through all the details of that at a later date.
Well, Mr. Parsons, I am flexible when it comes to salary. The opportunity to work in Hong Kong for you is the most important thing for me.
Excellent. Well, what other questions do you have Rebecca?

We need to take the accounts system offline to carry out the upgrade. But don't worry, it won't cause too much inconvenience. We're going to do it over the weekend.
How long will the system be down for?
We'll be taking everything offline in about two hours' time. It'll be down for a minimum of twelve hours. If everything goes according to plan, it should be up again by 6 pm on Saturday.
That's fine. We've allowed forty-eight hours to be on the safe side.

Welcome to IBA. Can I help you?
Yes, please. I'm here for an International Settlement. Our company has to effect payment, and it needs to be done today. Here's the advice slip for the payment.
Thanks. I'm sorry to say that you need to get this stamped. There is no stamp on this slip and it is essential before I can process it for you.
I see. So, I need to stamp it. And sign it too?
Yes, that's right. Down here, at the bottom right hand corner to show that you agree to pay the printed amount.
I'll go back to the office and get it sorted and pop back later.
Thanks, bye for now.

That's the warehouse where the large items of office equipment are stored. If I ordered a desk today, how would it be before I got delivery in Scotland?
Well, I think perhaps you'd better speak to our Production Manager, Mr. Yao. You'll meet him when we go over to the factory.

Excuse me. I have just missed the connection plane due to the heavy fog in London. Can I change my ticket now?
Please Show your ticket and passport.
Here you are.
Which flight do you want to change?
The next one to my destination. I have to be there as soon as possible.

Hi, can I speak with the apartment manager, please?
Hello, this is the apartment manager speaking.
I'm calling about the apartment for rent on Main Street.
Would you be interested in seeing the apartment?
I would love to see it.
Are you free today at around 6 p. m.?
Yes, I will be able to make it then.
Well, I'll see you at 6 p. m. Do you know how to get there?
I used to live in that area.
I'll give you an application form when I see you.
That sounds good. Do I need to bring anything?
No. Just bring yourself.

Good afternoon. Welcome to China. May I see your passport, customs and health declaration form?
Yes, here you are.
Thank you. W hat's your occupation, Mr. Smith?
I'm the general manager of the Far-East Industry Corporation. You are here on business, aren't you?
Yes, I have been invited by the East Import
I see. Do you have anything to declare?
Yes, I have some foreign currency to declare.
Would you please fill out this currency declaration form? It's a record of the foreign currency you have brought in.
All right.

How much does it cost for a bus pass?
It'll be $ 65 for a monthly pass.
Is there anything cheaper than that?
If you're in school, you can get a student pass.
Well, I am how much will that cost?
The pass is free.
I don't have to pay for anything?
You'll only have to pay for the monthly sticker.
How much is the monthly sticker?
It's $ 24 for each month.
I'll take the student bus pass.
Okay, I'll get you one.

I see there are some workmen on the site. When is the building work due to start?
Well, it'll take three weeks to demolish the old building and clear away the debris. We should be ready to start the construction work in week 23.
How long will the sub contractors be on site?
About ten weeks in total if everything goes according to plan.
I'm sure it will.
So, we should be able to start moving the machinery in during week 34.
I'll confirm that date with our suppliers.

Andrew's Hair Salon, this is Andrew.
Andrew, this is Linda Chen.
Hi Linda, what can I do for you?
I need to set up an appointment to get my hair fixed.
For what day?
Tuesday morning.

Have you bought a bus pass yet?
I'm not getting one.
Why is that?
It's cheaper if I don't buy one.
Buying a bus pass will save you money. How do you figure that?
There's no limit to how often you can use your bus pass.
Really? Plus, you don't have to use change for the bus anymore.
I like that.
You want to buy one now?
I'm going to.

Are you ready to order, sir?
Yes, I would like a roast duck and my friend wants steaks.
How do you like your steaks?
I'd like it medium-well.
OK, sir, wait a minute.

Hello, I want to know how much it costs to have a manicure and pedicure.
Usually it's 60 dollars for a manicure, and 80 dollars for a pedicure. But with this special discount, the total for both is only one hundred and 20 dollars, and you can get them painted.
That's nice. I'd like to give it a try. I think I like passion red. please.
Alright.Do you want your cuticles cut, too?
No. Would you like the shapes square or round?
Square. But with round at the edges, please.
All right, it's done. Please follow me to the drying section. How long will it take to get them dry?
Ten or about five minutes. You'll be all set.
I see, thank you.

Hello, this is Lucy. May I speak to Mr. Smith?
Oh, hello, Lucy. What's up?
I'm afraid I can't come to work today, Mr. Smith.
Oh, what's wrong with you?
I've got a fever and a very sore throat.
Well, you sound ill over the phone.
Yes. I have to stay in bed today, but I'll be able to come tomorrow.
That's all right. Have a good rest until you feel well enough.
Thank you, Mr. Smith. Goodbye.
Goodbye, Lucy.

Waiter, we have been waiting for 20 minutes. Would you mind hurrying?
I am sorry, sir, the fish you ordered will take a longer time because we make it with fresh fish.
That's fine. Would you please bring me some wine?
Sure, is dry white wine OK?
Yes.
Thank you.

Hi Bob, I won't be in work tomorrow.
Why, what's the problem?
I have a dentist appointment.
Okay.

I've come about your wools. According to our market survey, wools are likely to find a ready market in our country.
Wonderful?! We can meet your requirements and the offer is ready for you. Here it is. The unit price is USD 15.00 per kilogram.
Do you quote CIF or FOB?
It's FOB Shanghai. Could you quote the price of CIF Hamburg?
Certainly, that's easy. We will work out our CIF offer this evening. Could you come again tomorrow, say, at 10 AM?
Okay, see you tomorrow?!

Hi?! Do you want a fill-up?
Yes, please. Which type of gas do you want? Regular, Super, or Premium Unleaded?
What's the price difference?
Regular is $ 1.15, Super is $ 1.25 and Premium is $ 1.39.
Just fill it up with Regular, Unleaded, please. Do you want me to check the tires and the fluids?
Yes, I would. Thanks a lot.

Is your father in the habit of having naps?
Yes, all of us have naps.
Don't you feel dizzy when you have to get up?
No, not at all.

Excuse me. I need some storybooks in easy English. Do you have anything likethat?
Well, there are a lot of storybooks upstairs in our children's section. Some are written for young children, others for teens. Maybe some of them will suit your needs.
I'll go take a look. Thanks for your help.
You're welcome.

Good morning. I need to speak with the property manager, please.
Good morning. You are speaking to the property manager.
While it was raining last night, water started leaking in from the ceiling.
Was it leaking in the bedroom?
It was in the living room.
Can you tell me which floor you are on?
We are on the bottom floor.
I would like to look at the leak. Will you be home this morning?
Yes, someone will be here to let you in.
Just in case you have to leave, we will just use the master key.

How much is your last salary?
I have earned 10,000 a year including bonuses.
How much do you want us to pay you?
I like to be paid more than that. Hopefully, 150,000 a year.
To be honest, I left the company to get more income.

I hope you can help. I've got a bit of a problem with your ATM.
Of course, that's my job. Oh, dear. What's happened?
Well, it's eaten my card?! It won't give it back?!
I see... calm down, don't worry. May I ask what were you doing when it took your card?
Yes. I was only entering my PIN. I'm terrible at remembering it, I'm so forgetful, you see.
Mmmm... and exactly how many times did you enter it, please?
Maybe three times. As I said, I always forget it.
Ah?! Don't worry ; it's just a security measure. If someone uses a card and cannot get the right PIN after three attempts, the bank keeps the card in case it's stolen. Just contact the bank and we'll get it back to you.
Oh, I see. So if I call my branch they can sort everything out for me?
Yes, they'll be happy to help. Believe me, it happens to many people.
I'd better try harder to memorise my PIN in future. Thanks.

Is this the counter to pick up parcels?
Yes, it is. I want to pick up my parcels.
Please show me your parcel order.
OK. Here you are.
Let me check your parcel number. Song Ping's parcel number should be CP 06230221 5 CN.
Here is your parcel.
Thank you.
Not at all.

Hi Brittany. What are you doing with all of your clothes on your bed?
I'm trying to decide what to wear to school the first day.
Oh, A. Mom didn't tell you?
Didn't tell me what?
What? This Bs' school you're going to is going to make your life easy.
What are you talking about brother? Spill it.
Uniforms, sis, no more worrying about appearances?!
You mean I have to wear the same thing every day?
MOM?!

What would you like for your main dish?
Steak, please.
How would you like it?
Medium rare, please.
Anything else, sir? May I have a glass of red wine, please?
Of course.

Mr. Smith, do you like the hotel we booked?
Yes, we do. We like it very much.
I've come to make sure that your stay in Beijing is a pleasant one.
Thank you so much.

David, we have been doing business for three years, haven't we?
Yes, I'm glad we've had very pleasant cooperation in the previous years.
And your achievement for promoting our clothes was great in the three years. So, I wish to apply for the sole agency of your product in our local market. If you give us the agency, that will be more substantial for our cooperation.
To be frank, you are not the only one who applies for an agent for us in your country. I'd like to know some ideas of terms on which you would be willing to operate as our agent.
As we are a well-established company, we are very familiar with the customers' needs. Besides, we can make full use of our good connections with the wholesalers and retailers here and develop a good market for your products if appointed as your agent.
Sounds reasonable. I will tell my boss about you agent application. Another question, what do you think is the minimum annual sales you can guarantee?
To be on the safe side, and for garment of all materials, sizes, and styles, I think the amount will be 50,000 pieces a year.
Well. As our sole agency, you will neither handle the same or similar products of other origins nor re-export our goods to any other area outside your own.
No, certainly not.

Excuse me. I bought this circulator here yesterday but it doesn't work.
Oh, let's see what's wrong.

Where can I find the produce?
Aisle A is where you'll find all the produce.
What sales do they have today?
I'm sure something is on sale. Please check with the produce person.

Hello, this is Steven from Blue Sky Co. May I speak to Mr. James?
Speaking.
Excuse my troubling you. You purchased our products last year and now I am following up to find out about their workings. Are they still in good condition now?
Yeah, exactly?! I bought them last year. En... at present, they are still in good state.
That's it?! All of them have first-class quality and performance. Besides, we adopt advanced technology. Now we have developed new products. They are much better than what you have bought.
Your company is developing so fast. Maybe later on I will plan to buy more.
That's great?! Thanks for your support. If any, please remember to call us.
I am afraid I have to say goodbye now?!
Bye, Mr. James?!
Bye?!

Ms.Dawson, I need you to take a dictation for me.
Yes, sir... This should go out as an intra-office memorandum to all employees by this afternoon.Are you ready?
Yes, sir.Go ahead.
Attention all staff... Effective immediately, all office communications are restricted to email correspondence and official memos.The use of Instant Message programs by employees during working hours is strictly prohibited.
Sir, does this apply to intra-office communications only? Or will it also restrict external communications?
It should apply to all communications, not only in this office between employees, but also any outside communications.
But sir, many employees use Instant Messaging to communicate with their clients.
They will just have to change their communication methods. I don't want any - one using Instant Messaging in this office.It wastes too much time?! Now, please continue with the memo.Where were we?
This applies to internal and external communications.
Yes.Any employee who persists in using Instant Messaging will first receive a warning and be placed on probation.At second offense, the employee will face termination.Any questions regarding this new policy may be directed to department heads. Is that all?
Yes.Please get this memo typed up and distributed to all employees before 4 pm.

Do you have everything?
Let's see... my ID card, my passport, and my suitcase. I'm pretty sure I've got everything.

This is Dunlin. Is this Mrs Smith speaking?
Yes, what can I do for you?
I just want to call and say thank you for letting me interview yesterday.
You are welcome, Mr. Sun.
And I also want to know what the status is of the position.
Sorry, we haven't made the decision at all. But we should be making the decision by the end of this week. And we'll get in touch with you once we make it.
Do you have any questions we didn't cover in the interview?
No. Thank you, I am looking forward to hearing from you. Bye-bye.
Thank you for the calling. Bye-bye.

I often sneeze after having a bad itch inside my nose. Sometimes this is accompanied by an itching throat.
Any other discomfort?
Yes. Sometimes I can notice a constriction in the chest and shortness of breath after a fit of sneezing. And I often suffer from a running nose with a profuse watery discharge.
Does it occur seasonally or all year round?
It has been seasonal during these past three years.
Are you sensitive to other things?
Yes, things like seafood and penicillin-type drugs.
OK. Let me examine your nose. According to your case history and the examination, I believe that it's allergic rhinitis.
What useful treatment can you offer?
I'll give you a series of specific skin tests. Then we'll know exactly what substances you're allergic to. Then I'll give you some causes of desensitization therapy.

Miss, would you like to try this free sample of our new suntan cream?
Sure, why not?
This is a new product of company this year. It's oil-free.
I see. It feels very light on the skin.
It gives your skin a very natural healthy look. I like the cool smell, too.

So how can I make it?
First you make a list of what you wanna buy...
But I’Ve gotta have the budge before anything else.
Well, that’s a problem, isn’t it?

Did you have a part-time job when you were still in school?
No, I was way too busy studying all the time. How about you?
Yeah, I worked about twenty hours a week in a pizza restaurant.
What was that like?
It was always very busy there. What did you do?
I stood behind the register and took pizza orders.
Did you get any perks on the job?
Yeah, I got to eat as much pizza as I could for free.

Okay. I'd like to change some euro into US dollars, please.
Sure. How much would you like to change?
Six hundred euro.
Very good. May I see your passport?
Here you are.
How would you like your bills?
In fifties please.

Why are you reading the classifieds? What do you need?
I'm looking for a bookcase, but I don't want to buy a new one.
Are you having any luck?
Not really. There aren't any used bookcases listed. But there are a few rummage sales on Saturday. I think I'll go to them.
Do you mind if I go with you?
Not at all. These private sales are great places to bargain. And sometimes you can find terrific things among all the junk.
I learned to negotiate from my mother. I thought I was pretty good at bargaining, but I had a problem the other day at Kimble's Department Store.
What happened?
I wanted to buy a beautiful wool sweater for my girlfriend. It was priced at forty dollars, so I started by offering the salesclerk thirty.

Do you do a lot of your shopping online?
Not really. I like looking on the internet at what’s available, but I usually prefer to actually see and touch what I’m buying before I pay for it. Sometimes, I’ll look at something in a shop, but lat No. I’m a little worried about security. You never know who’s trying to find out your codes and passwords. Aren’t you worry about that?
Not really. I know that it happens, but if you buy from reputable companies with secure websites, you should be ok.
Even though I use online shopping facilities, I don’t think it’s the best way to sho
I’m surprised to hear you say that. I thought you loved anything technological.
I do. I’m a big fan of using new technology, but I don’t want to sit in front of a computer screen all day. I think people need to get out and interact with other people. So, how about coming to the department store with me? I want to see if there are any new summer clothes on sale yet.
Sure. I’d love to join you. Can we stop by the computer store? I just want to see if they have something.
Sure. While you’re in the computer store. I will visit the book store opposite. I like to browse through their books and see if they have anything interesting.
Ok. I’Ve finished online. Let’s go.
I’ll just get some money and my credit card.
Thanks for reminding me. I had forgotten to get mine.

Please help yourself at your dishes. I hope you’ll enjoy what you’Ve got.
It suits my taste. You are really a good cook.
Would you like to try my special recipe?
Wow, let me try. It tastes nice.
How did you make it?
It’s as easy as pie. I always follow recipes.

Mr. Dick. Does the recommendation of the university play an important role?
Yes. In fact, the recommendation letter written by the university is an indirect self-recommendation. In the long period of cooperation, the university has established good relationship with the companies or organizations, they trust each other well. If your university recommends you, you can be approved more easily.
But I find that most of the recommendation letters written by universities are the same. So I doubt its authority.
More and more persons have the same discoveries since most universities do that in order to save energy. If your university also does like this, you can look for other methods, because such kinds of recommendations say nothing for you. Could you tell me whether or not I send out my resume with it?
It depends. If it has something special or useful, I suggest you send it out.

Taylor, can you tell me how to apply for a job on the Internet?
Just fill out an application. Do I have to send an E-mail?
You are expected to know the E-mail address of the unit.
But I still don't know which unit is in need of staff. Send out an application through Job-wanted on the website.
Can any unit see my information?
It's a two-way choice. And your application will be read.
Which websites offer this service?
Sina, 21st Century Talent Net, and a few others.
Thank you.

Don’t throw your weight around. I can’t bear you any more.
I dare you to say that again.

Were you a leader when you were in college?
Yes. I was Propaganda department minister of our university.
Did you get any honors or awards at your university?
No. It’s a pity about it.
Were you involved in any club activities at your university?
Yes. I was a member of the basketball Society. I like playing basketball.
What extracurricular activities did you usually take part in at your college?
I sometimes played basketball and sometimes played football.

You want to argue your ticket today?
Yes. That is why I'm here.
Tell me your argument.
I was pulled over for allegedly speeding.
Are you sure you weren't speeding?
To be honest, I really wasn't.
What speed were you going?
I was under the speed limit. I was going 35, when the speed limit was 40.
I'm just going to let you go, since the arresting officer isn't here.
What about my ticket? Do I still need to pay?
Don't worry about it.
I'm so glad for your help.

Annie, do you like shopping online?
Yes, I like it, because it's convenient. Last week, I tried to buy a new cellphone online, but I didn't know how to pay for it.
First, you should open an account at the online bank. After that, you can buy anything you want online.
Are there many things online?
Sure. You can find everything all over the world. Let's check it out online?!
( They log in a shopping website. ) That's amazing. Oh, an on line virtual supermarket? Let's click to check it out. Oh, I got it. It simulates the real supermarket, which makes it feel so real.
Mom will love it. She loves shopping in supermarkets.

Ah, Bob. Just the person I wanted to see.
So what is it?
You gotta help me out this time, buddy.
Another tough thing, I guess.

Hey?! What happened??! My song was only half way through and it skipped to the next song.
I don't know what happened?! You cancelled the song, didn't you, Jack?
No, I didn't.
Really?! Then, is the machine broken or...

Good evening, Do you have a reservation?
Yes. The reservation under Mr. Watson.
Ah, yes, a table for four at 8 Em, no, thanks. I think we'll go straight to the table, By the way. may I check my overcoat here?
Certainly, sir. We'll keep it in the cloakroom for you. Here is your number. When you leave, show it to the waiter behind the counter, please.
Thank you. Could you show us to our table now? Would you please follow me, please?
Thank you. This is your table. It's Number 10.

Hello, ma’am. Can I help you? I’m looking for a sweater.
What size are you looking for?
Well, I’m looking for size 10 but you don’t have it.
How about this one? I think it looks terrific on you.
Yes, I like the color. Can I try it on?
Sure. The fitting room is on your right.
It fits well. I like it a lot. What do you think?
You look pretty in red.
Oh, it’s my favorite. How much is it?
$ 29.99.
Okay. I’ll take it. Thank you very much for your help.
You’re welcome.

Do you have any cars available?
We have only one mid-size car left.
Great, what's the rate per day?
It's 40 $ plus tax per day on limited mileage.
I'm going to need it for three days. Can I see your driver's license?
Sure, here is my driver's license.
Please sign here.

Are you ready to order? I think that we have a pretty good idea of what we would like to order.
Let me tell you about the specials of the day, which are chicken in a wine sauce with capers, and grilled garlic shrimp.
I was wondering if the chef could leave off the sauce.
The chef would be happy to accommodate your special requests.
I am a vegetarian. Do you have any vegetarian selections?
You could choose the roasted vegetable and garlic pizza or the goat cheese and candied walnut salad.
I think that we will split the roasted vegetable and garlic pizza.
That is a good selection, and I can bring your salads now or serve them with your entree.
You can bring us our salads when you bring us our entree.

I can't open this email attachment our Paris office has sent me. Are you sure you're using the right program?
Well, yes it's definitely the same program but I might have the wrong version. Their system is newer than ours.
That's why you can't open it. You'll have to upgrade before you can read the file.

What kind of character do you think you have?
Generally speaking, l am an open-minded person.
What is your strongest trait?
Cheerfulness and friendliness.
How would your friends or colleagues describe you?
They say Mr. Sun is a friendly, sensitive, caring and determined person.
What personality do you admire?
I admire a person who is honest, flexible and easy-going.
How do you get along with others?
I get on well with others.

Hi, I need to make an appointment to see the doctor.
What seems to be the problem?
I have a rash that I need a doctor to look at.
Do you have a fever with that rash?
No, it just itches a lot.
I have openings on Tuesday or Wednesday. Which would be best for you?
I need an appointment on Tuesday.
Fine, I am putting you down for 9
I would like to see Dr. Jones.
I can schedule you with him with no problem.
We look forward to seeing you.

Wow?! What's the hold up?
It’s probably just people trying to get an early start out of the city for the weekend. Nobody sticks around in the summer.
Really? Then, I guess I won’t have a hard time finding a room or getting a cab?
Actually, you might because there’s a big convention in town this weekend.
I’m not too worried about it. I always seem to find something.

Hello, how can I help you today?
I'd like to withdraw some money from my account.
Please fill out this slip stating how much you wish to withdraw.
Well, actually, it's quite a substantial amount. Here's my Bank Book. Will that cause a problem?
On your account there is no limit to over the counter withdrawals, it won't cause a problem.
Here's your money, 10,000 RIB. Please count it before you leave.
Yes, that seems to be all in order. Thanks very much.

Quality is very important to us. We work to very low tolerance levels. We need to have guaranteed supplies of consistently high quality raw materials. Over the years we've built up very good relationships with our suppliers.
Do you have many different suppliers?
Yes. There are about fifty names on our approved supplier list, but for raw materials we tend to deal with three local companies.

Mary, can you tell me how you keep in shape?
You'll never be in shape until you eat less and take more exercise. Now, tell me what you often eat.
I often eat fish and eggs. Do you eat a lot of vegetables?
Oh yes, and fruits. I love fruits very much.
What do you like to drink?
Well, I never drink alcohol, coffee or tea. Whatever would you like to drink?
I drink a lot of milk. I drink milk almost every day. How often do you exercise?
Well, I walk every day. It's a good diet and a regular exercise.
Yes, quite right.

I am sorry, but I cannot stay for the rest of class today.
Why do you need to leave early?
I don’t feel so good. What doesn’t feel right?
I feel as if I am going to be sick to my stomach.
Perhaps you should get checked out at the Student Health Center before you go home.
I have some medicine at home that I could take.
Are you going to be OK to drive home, or would you like someone to go with you?
Thank you, but my friend is in the library, and he can give me a ride home.
We hope that you are feeling better soon. E-mail me if you have any questions.

Your boyfriend is so considerate to you. When do you plan to marry?
It’s still up in the air. There is something wrong between us.

We're considering of ordering 200 computers, but I'm wondering about the price you'll possibly offer.
Our price will be not less than $ 5000.
Your price is higher than I expected. Could you give us a little discount?
This is already our best price. But the price is always negotiable and you should consider our quantity of order.
Well, what would you suggest? Could you make it $ 4500?
I'm afraid that there is no room to negotiate the price. This is the best price we can quote.
Can we meet each other half way?
What do you mean? Let's close the deal at $ 4800, OK?
You drive a hard bargain?! OK, that's a deal.

I'm now on the Songshan airport getting ready for departure. I realized that I might have left my watch.
Yes, Ma'am. May I have your name and room number?
My name is Terry. I stayed last night in your hotel in room 132. What kind of watch is it?
It's a brand-new Seiko wrist watch.
Yes, we have it.
Oh, I'm glad to hear that. Would you kindly send it to the Hilton Hotel?

What are your thoughts on the apartment?
I think that it’s absolutely gorgeous.
There aren’t any problems with the apartment?
I think that the apartment looks very nice, but I do see some problems.
What problems?
I did notice a few stains in the carpet.
We will have the carpet cleaned before you move in.
You will?
Yes, but other than that, are there any more problems?
That was the only thing that I saw that was wrong with the apartment.
I’m happy that you find this apartment so appealing.
It is. I love it.

That China-gown of Tang-Dynasty style is so beautiful. Would you show it to me, please?
Absolutely. Here it is.
Could I try it on?
Please do, the fitting-room is over there.
It feels a little tight around the waist. Do you have a bigger one?
I'm sorry. We don't have this color in your size. We have some green ones in your size. Would you please have a look at this green one?
OK. How much does it cost?
It's 486 yuan.
Mmm, it is reasonable.

Mrs. Wang, would you give us an idea of the price you regard as workable?
As I said before, your price is so high that we find it difficult to make a bid. We hope you will take the initiative and bridge the gap.
Just to comply, we're ready to reduce the price by 5 percent. I hope this concession of ours will get the ball rolling.
So do we. Certainly it's a step forward on your side. But the gap is still too wide.
The ball is in your court, Mrs.Wang. What price would you suggest?
To make your offer workable, I think you should take another step down as big as the one you've just taken.
That won't do. You see, our profit margin is very narrow. It simply can't stand such a big cut.
I hate to disappoint you, Mr. Brown, but if that's the case, we have no alternative but to cover our requirements elsewhere.
Do think it over, please. We sincerely hope our discussion will come to a successful conclusion.
Well, I'm not authorized to agree to such a big reduction. Would you mind waiting a day or two, until I get a reply from the home office?
Not at all. Shall we meet again, say, on Friday morning?
Good. Friday morning at 9.

Good morning. Good morning.This is Mary.Can I speak to Anne please?
I’m sorry She isn’t in at the moment. She will come back at half past nineCan I take a message for her?
Thank you.But I will call her later
OK.Goodbye.
Goodbye.

Hi, Jane. How are you doing this morning?
I’m all right, thanks. Just a little tired.
Late night?
Yeah, I got home around two.

We've been waiting here for nearly ten minutes now, and there still isn't a bus in sight. I'm afraid we'll be late for the party. Have you got the time, Tom?
Yes, my watch says a quarter to seven. but there is something wrong with my watch?!
But you bought it only last month.
Yes, but ever since I bought it, it gains about five minutes a day, so I' Ve got to have it repaired.
How long will it take us to get there?
I think about ten minutes by bus.
It's not far away, then. Let's walk, it's beginning to rain.
Wait?! I think I see a bus coming now.
Let's hope it's the No. 22 bus.

Hi, Mr. Smith. I'm Doctor Hawkins. Why are you here today?
I found it would be a good idea to get a check-up.
Yes, well, you haven't had one for 5 years. You should have one every year.
I know. I figure as long as there is nothing wrong, why go see the doctor?
Well, the best way to avoid serious illnesses is to find out about them early. So try to come at least once a year for your own good.
Ok. Let me see here. Your eyes and ears look fine. Take a deep breath, please. Do you smoke, Mr. Smith?
Yes.
Smoking is the leading cause of lung cancer and heart disease, you know. You really should quit.
I've tried hundreds of times, but I just can't seem to kick the habit.
Well, we have classes and some medications that might help. I'll give you more information before you leave.
Ok, thanks doctor.

Good afternoon. Mr. Tylor's office?
I'm afraid you've got the wrong extension.
I'm sorry, but could you please transfer this call to Mr. Tylor's office?
Sure, please hold on.
Thank you. Now Mr. Tylor's on the line. Go ahead, please.
You are so kind, you helped me a lot.
You are welcome. Bye?!

Good afternoon, Lexington Software. Angelina Dawson, how can I help?
Hello, this is Quinn from IBA.
Ah, hello Quinn. Oh dear, you are calling to tell me there is a problem, aren't you?
I'm afraid so, yes.
Hmm... well, it was my first attempt?! Is it a very big mistake, or can we just alter it?
Unfortunately it's rather a big mistake.
What do you recommend we do?
I would recommend we scrap this one and you bring in another set as soon as possible.
I trust your judgement. Thank you, Quinn. I'll be back tomorrow with a new set. Bye for now.

Oh?!?!?! I have a horrible toothache.
You should go to the dentist.
I hate dentists.
Well, suffer then. If you have a toothache, you have to go to the dentist. It always hurts.
I hate going.
Stop being such a baby. If it really hurts that much, just let them knock you out.
O. K., O. K., I’ll go.
Good. You'll feel better after you do.

Hi, I would like to purchase a one way ticket to Brussels, please.
Certainly sir, this is our train schedule. We have an express train departing every morning and an overnight train that departs at nine pm.
How long does it take to get there?
About twelve hours. We currently have tickets available only for first class on the express train. If you’d like, you can choose a sleeper on the overnight train which is a bit less expensive.
Yeah, I think that is the best option. Do you serve food on the train? Twelve hours is such a long time?!
Yes, of course. There is a dining car towards the front of the train where they serve meals at all times. We do provide complimentary water and coffee for all of our passengers.
Great?! I’ll take it. Here you are sir. Your train leaves from platform number nine at nine on the dot. Remember to be here at least thirty minutes before your scheduled departure time or else you might miss your train?!
I understand. Thank you very much?! Have a great trip.

I would like to take a trip to the beach this weekend.
A trip to the beach would be fun. How is the weather going to be?
The forecast says that it will be warm on the weekend.
So do you think it'll be perfect weather for the beach?
It sounds like it will be. I really hope it doesn't get cold. That would ruin things, I want to go so badly.
The weather in California is unpredictable, so you never know.
That is true. The weather is constantly changing. It would be nice if the weather would never change.
That would be great, then we could plan things sooner. True.
Predictable weather would make life easier.

Some companies use to ban dating among employees, but now they have realized it is something in avertable. People spend so much time at work. It is not surprising for one to have a crash on the other. If we think positively, office love can be beneficial to company.
Beneficial? I don’t think so. If two employees get married, they will leave at the same time for a honeymoon, or later one of them will stay at home taking care of babies. If they break up, the company will probably have to relocate one of them to make the workplace more comfortable. By any means, the company must spare extra efforts to solve problems brought by an office dating.
But if two employees are in love, they will be happy. Happy people are more productive. If they develop an intimate relation with each other, they are willing to share knowledge and experience. It can help to improve work efficiency.
I doubt that.

Do you eat a lot of healthy food?
Compared with healthy food, unhealthy food just tastes so much better. And anyway, I believe if you live a low stress Life and are active, you can get away with eating whatever you like. It's all in the mind.
You have the point. I think cancer is caused by more worry than by the things we consume. Some good things you should try are cranberry juice, wild rice and yoghurt.
What's special about these things?
Cranberry juice is very good for destroying harmful bacteria in your guts because it's very acidic. Wild rice is high in fibre so it's good for your guts and it's high in protein and minerals-I think it's also tastier than normal rice. Yoghurt's good because it's also rich in protein, vitamins and is also acidic. People have been making yoghurt for thousands of years and if you have it every day, your guts will be much more settled.
Thanks. I'm going to follow your advice and pop down to the supermarket right now.

I've been so tired recently. I've been trying, but I don't think I'm up to this job.
You need to take a break, maybe a vacation. Oh, yes, indeed. I've run out of steam.
To be honest, I want to be in a different environment.
Is that so?
Yes, I don't want to be stuck in a rut. I want to move on.
Have you decided?
Yes. I want to get a better job.
Could you tell me why you want to quit?
I quit just because of the dissatisfying salary and the trouble in getting along with my colleagues.
Oh, that's terrible. Do you want to get a higher salary in our company?
I'm afraid not. I've promised my girlfriend. We'll travel southwards to find a job that offers higher pay.
OK, I'd like to say that I've really enjoyed working with you. However, I think you should work harder for your new job and then you can ask for higher pay.
Thank you so much for your advice. And every best wish for your new job.
Thank you.

The train is leaving. Hurry up?! Which car are we in?
Let me see. Oh, No. 11. Here we are, Car 11. Let's get in.
Seats No. 20 and 21. It’s nice that we’Ve got a window seat.
Let's put our suitcases on the rack.
Oh, the baggage rack is full. Put them under the seat for the time being.
All right.

So, how should we get to the theatre? Let's take the bus.
I hate the bus system in London?! The bus drivers are rude, the buses are never on time, and there are few people around who can help you.
It's not that bad. You probably just had a bad experience once.
It wasn't just once. Every single time I take the bus, something bad happens to me or to someone else on the bus.
We could take the subway, but we'd have to go three stops along one line and then change trains twice. Train fares are twice as expensive as the bus fare, too.
If we don't hurry up, we'll miss the show. Should we take the bus?
We're already late, so I think we had better take a taxi.
I don't think we'll be able to find a taxi very easily during hush hours. Let's just take the bus.
Fine. Have a look at the timetable to find out when the next one arrives.
It looks like it should be here in just a few minutes. don't worry. Nothing bad will happen. I'll even buy your ticket for you.
Thanks, that was nice of you.
See, now something good has happened to you on a bus trip?!

Let's go over this plan again. From Vancouver, we bike along the border all the way to Winnipeg. And that is mostly flat, right?
Relatively, once we're out of Alberta, anyway. Then it's hills again in Aitoba.
And from Winnipeg we go around the lakes through Toronto, right?
That's right. And up in to Quebec. And that's where we stop.
It doesn't sound like that much when we go over the plan but that's a long, long ride. Are you ready for the cross country of a lifetime?

Good morning, sir. What can I do for you?
I'm Bill. I'm in Room 908. Can you change the room for me? It's too noisy. My wife was woken up several times by the noise the baggage elevator made. She said it was too much for her.
I'm awfully sorry, sir. I do apologize. Room 908 is at the end of the corridor. It's possible that the noise is heard early in the morning when all is quiet.
Anyhow, I'd like to change our room.
No problem, sir. We'll manage it, but we don't have any spare room today. Could you wait till tomorrow? The American People-to-people Education Delegation will be leaving tomorrow morning. There'll be some rooms for you to choose from.
All right. I hope we'll be able to enjoy our stay in a quiet suite tomorrow evening and have a sound sleep.
Be sure. I'll make a note of that. Everything will be taken care of. And if there is anything more you need, please let us know.

It's time for bed.
I'm not ready to go to sleep. I'm not tired.
It's quite late, and you have an early day tomorrow.
I'm not going to be able to fall asleep.
Why don't you try counting sheep?
I've tried that before. It really doesn't work.
That's beside the point, you still need to go to bed.
Why can't I just stay up until I fall asleep?
If I let you do that, then you're just going to be up all night.
I promise I'll go to sleep soon.
No, you're going to sleep now, so good night.
See you in the morning.

I see myself as being honest, diligent, persevering and creative. And I have a strong sense of responsibility.
How about your psychological resilience?
I think I can work well under pressure, if necessary.
How would you deal with those who are not easy to get along with?
I will just be sincere and friendly to others, and I believe they will treat me the same way.
You seem to be a kind-hearted lady.
Thank you. I simply believe the goodness of human nature.
Please tell me your weaknesses if you can.
I should admit that sometimes I care too much about the details. I am always in pursuit of perfection.

Karen? I need to go over a few things with you.
Certainly. Mr. Graham. When would you like to meet?
I was thinking about this afternoon, after the sales meeting.
Fine. At 3:30?

I believe we' Ve met before. My name's David.
Yes, at your company, I think. I'm Frank.
Oh, I remember now.Very nice to meet you again.
Nice meeting you, too.

I made my little brother cry.
Shame on you?!

I need some mascara. Do you have good thickening mascara?
Of course. Here is our thickening mascara. We also have mascara designed to lengthen the eyelashes.
Alright. And I want to consider your eye shadow too. Do you have a color chart can look at?
We have a very wide selection of colors. And our eye shadow is specially designed to moisturize the skin. So it is very gentle on your eyelids. Would you like to sample some?
Oh, sure I will need to clean off my own eye shadow first.
I can help you with that.
Thank you.

Is this the baggage claim area for flight KB256?
Yes, we are on the same plane.
But I am a transfer passenger. I have a connecting flight to Miami.
So you have to bring your baggage to the transfer check-in area.
Yes.It' s quite troublesome. Why not go and find a porter?

Billy, you don’t look too well. Maybe you should take the day off school.
But Mom?! Today we’re playing football?! I love football?!
You’Ve got a fever and playing football isn’t a good idea for a boy with a fever.
What’s that on your arm?
I don’t know. It was there when I woke up this morning.
It’s rash. I’d better take you to see the doctor.
How did you get that bruise on your leg?
I bashed it against the chair in my room.
Does it hurt?
A little, but not much. Here. Put this wet towel on your face to keep your temperature down. I’ll take you to the doctor’s after breakfast.
If I’m better this afternoon, can I go to school?
If you are better, but I doubt you will be.

This is your schedule.
You're going out of your way for us, I believe.
You are our honored guests.

Are there any vacancies still available?
Yes. We need a plumber here.
I am looking for a job that is more advanced than that, such as sales manager or regional manager.
I am sorry. They are not available now.

My name is Mary, and I will be your waitress tonight.
Thank you, Mary. We have been looking forward to trying out this restaurant.
Before your main course, would you like to order an appetizer?
Sure, that sounds great. Where are your appetizers listed?
There is a special appetizer menu right here in the center of the table.
The chicken and cheese quesadilla looks good. Is that pretty good?
You know, that is one of my favorites?!
OK, I'll take one order of that.
You could choose another appetizer for half price to share.
Perfect?! Please add on an order of onion rings.

I am waiting for a fax but just now I found there's something wrong with the fax machine.
What's wrong with the fax machine? Is it urgent?
Yes, very urgent. And there is no other fax machine around. And the office of our boss is closed, so I can not use his machine either. And his secretary is out. Do you have any suggestion?
Either call this extension number 0085 or ask them to send the fax to you as e-mail, you print it out.

I would like to speak to you, if you don’t mind.
What would you like to speak to me about?
I would like to talk to you about this year’s election.
Is that right? I am a volunteer for this year’s campaign.
That’s wonderful. I am impressed at someone so young taking a stand. I know history is about to be made, and I would like to be a part of it.
That’s fantastic. Are you planning on voting?
I’m going to vote. Go to your polling place early on Election Day.
I will.
Good luck with your volunteering.

We hope that there will be no repetition of this kind of trouble in the future.
Yes. I promise it will not happen again.
We look forward to your settlement at an early date.
We will inform you as soon as possible.

Hello, Steven. How do you get along with your job?
Actually, I learn many things from it. I find that I am a quick learner in new things.
Practice makes perfect. By the way, what do you learn from your job?
At first I didn't know anything about the machine. Now I know how to operate it. Besides, the work gives me a sense of fulfillment and achievement.
Yeah, you are a good learner. I must commend you for your good performance.
Thank you. That's a long way to go for my job.
I appreciate your effort very much. The coffee break is over ; it's about time we set to work.
OK, let's go.

Where on earth are we?
Judging by all the traffic, I'd say we're near the outskirts of the city.
What did I do wrong? Did I take a wrong turn?
I'm not sure, but I think you turned right when you should have turned left on the flyover bridge.
Well, now we should turn back a few kilometres. It seems that the traffic sign is much more important than the map.

Hello. Front desk.
Yes. This is Bob Robinson. I’m calling from room number 627.
Hi, Bob. What can I do for you? Is it possible to change to another room?
Could you please tell me why? My room is facing the swimming pool. It’s noisy for me. I have a problem sleeping. And I feel uncomfortable when I take an elevator.
So you need a quiet side room on the lower floor.
You’re right. Okay. Let me check for a room on the first floor.
Thank you.
I’Ve only two rooms on the first floor. How about room 108?
That’s fine. Can I move now?
Sure. I’ll send the bellman to help you.
Oh, thank you kindly.
You’re welcome.

How long will it take for our order to be delivered?
Let's see. You are importing fifty containers of textiles from China. They should be able to place your order before the end of next week. It will take 2 days for shipping to the port city of Ningpo. The freight will take 3 weeks on the open ocean and will arrive in Los Angeles approximately a month from today. Domestic shipping will be your responsibility, you can make arrangements with the pier in Los Angeles.
Fine, we will handle domestic shipping, but what about customs? Will we have to pay tariff on our imports?
I hope we don't run into any problems with the border control.
No, the Chinese company has that all worked out. With the paperwork you receive with the shipment, you should be good to go.

Now you're my boss, Mr. Henry. Do you have any other particular conditions that you would like the company to take into consideration?
No, nothing in particular. You may ask questions about us, if you have any.
All right. When can I start?

What are you doing here today?
I would like to fight my ticket.
Is the arresting officer in the courtroom today?
Yes, the officer is here today. What's your case?
I was pulled over for running a red light, but I never did.
Do you believe that the officer lied?
There was a camera on the signal. So, he was obviously lying.
Your license plate was caught on camera?
A picture of my license plate was never taken.
Since there is no picture of your license plate on record, I'm going to let you go.
Thank you. I'm glad that you believe me.

Hey Joe, what are you doing in this department store?
Hi, Rita, I'm just looking for a pair of shoes. I won't be here for long.
Why not? When I go shoe shopping, I have so many options for sneakers that I spend awhile looking at all of the choices.
That's my problem. I don't have a lot of options. What do you mean?
This is a big store, isn't it?
Yes, but I have unusually big feet. That wouldn't be too much of a problem except that they're also very wide, and only a few brands sell shoes that I can fit into.
So how do you usually go about buying shoes, then?
Well, first of all, I can only go to certain stores that can guarantee me a large selection.
Well, you're in the right store. If they don't have it, no one will.
After that I choose something from one of the few brands that I know will fit me. I prefer white, so I ask them to bring me a pair of white sneakers in my size. Since I’m usually only given one or two pairs of shoes that meet my qualifications, it makes it a very easy choice.

what shall we do after the volleyball match?
how about going to the Olympic souvenir store to have a look? I remember there is one in the gym.
that's a good idea. I was thinking of buying some gifts for my family. me, too.
What did you have in mind?
I haven't decided yet, but I think the Olympic Mascots are a must.
I agree. They're very lovely, especially " Huan Huan ".
is that the red one? That is my favorite, too. Do you know how much they are?
the five dolls are sold together as a set, and they're priced according to the size. The bigger they are the more expensive.
oh, I see. If I buy more than a set, can I get any discount?
I don't think so. All the souvenirs of the Olympic Games are very hot right now.
any other ideas?
there are lots of things, such as postcards, key chains, posters and various arts and crafts.
it all sounds great. We can go there after the match. I can't wait to see what they have.

Mom?! I hate eating vegetables?!
You don’t have to eat them. I don’t mind.
Thanks mom?! Can I have dessert now? I love chocolate cake?!
No dessert for you unless you eat all your vegetables.
But I don’t like them?! It’s not fair?!
You can have some fruit for dessert. If you eat an apple and a banana, I might let you have a small piece of chocolate cake.
Ok... actually, I don’t mind eating peas and carrots, buy I hate broccoli and cauliflower.
I’ll remember that for next time. You’ll get extra peas and carrots, buy no broccoli or cauliflower. OK?
Thanks mom?!

It was very kind of you to give me a tour of the place. It gave me a good idea of your product range.
It’s a pleasure to show our factory to our customers. What’s your general impression, may I ask?
Very impressive, indeed, especially the speed of your NW Model. That’s our latest development. A product with high performance.
We put it on the market just two months ago. The machine gives you an edge over your competitors, I guess.
Certainly. No one can match us as far as speed is concerned.
Could you give me some brochures for that machine? And the price if possible.
Right. Here is our sales catalog and literature.
Thank you. I think we may be able to work together in the future.

Is the factory fully-automated?
Not completely. Our production process is partially-automated. We use robots on the production line for routine assembly jobs but some of the work is still done manually.
What about supply of parts to the production line?
Well, the parts are automatically selected from the store room using a bar-code system. And there is an automatic feeder which takes them to the conveyor belt at the start of the production line.
What about the smaller components?
They're transported to the workstations on automated vehicles - robot trucks - which run on guide rails around the factory.

I'm glad you're on your ten-year reunion planning committee.
Yeah, you get the TV to yourself while I spend my nights surfing the Net for missing classmates. That's not why. This way I can see how you guys do this sort of thing.
I guess. Don't you have reunions in Taiwan?
Definitely. Every year. But just for our forty-person class. Ours are for everyone that graduated in the same year.

What does your job involve?
I'm the Project Manager so I have to make sure our projects run smoothly. I work with three Project Engineers. They take care of after-sales service and look after the maintenance side of the business.

How many languages can you speak?
Besides Chinese, I can speak English and French. You mean you can read and write both of them?
No, I can only carry on a simple conversation in French.
Can you read and write English well?
I can speak the language better than read and write.
Do you speak the language well enough to communicate with people of English-speaking countries?
I think so. I used to be an interpreter. Do you think your English is good enough to do desk work?
The amount of English I know enables me to do general desk work. I believe what I know is sufficient to work in an American firm.

What can I get for you? Here is the menu.
Let me have a look. Well, how many kinds of steaks do you have?
We have sirloin steaks, pepper steak, and filet steak.
Is there something go with the filet steak?
Yes, we have various sauces.
What about the gravy?

Are you ready to go shopping?
Just a minute. I need to make a list of thinks that we need.
Good idea. Have you written down potatoes, carrots, and onions?
I don’t have onions on my list. I’ll add them. We should get some tea. Is green tea ok or should we get the same tea that we usually get?
Let’s get both. We need some coffee too. Is that on your list?
Yes, it is. Here’s my list. Is there anything that I’Ve forgotten?
I think you’Ve got everything. I want to got some chocolate and some cheese.
What kind of cheese do you want.
I’m not sure. I’ll decide at the cheese counter, when I can see what they have.
Have we got enough money?
We don’t have enough cash, so I’ll take my credit card and we can pay with that.
Where are the car keys?
I’Ve got them there. Shall I drive?

Hello, can you tell me how to use the telephone?
If you want to order meals, call 8801.If you need other help, call 8803 and someone will be there.
Thank you so much. By the way, is there a mail service?
Yes, you can take your letters to the counter over there.

I am afraid that the fax machine in my room won’t be working till tomorrow. A technician has just come and checked it. He will bring me a new one tomorrow. It seems there is a big problem with mine and it will take some days for repairing. Can I use the one in your office?
Of course you can. I am sure this one works very well. I just sent dozens of pages. How many pages are you sending? Are you familiar with my fax machine?
Yes, I think you have the same model as I have.
Does your fax machine print out immediately a transmission protocol?
Yes, it will print immediately.

How many years have you done business with China?
Let me see, about five years, we established our business relationship with Hua Mei of China Import & Export Corporation in 2003.
Do you have any difficulties in doing business in China? You know the Chinese economic legislation is still incomplete?
I don't think I have any problem with our Chinese partners. They have always followed the contract strictly. We can do business directly with the corporation. As I mentioned before, the Chinese government is trying very hard to perfect its law. Its commercial legislation provides legal protection for foreign companies.
Well, it's known that the Sino-American relation is in a dilemma. Does it influence your business in China?
Actually not at present. But we are afraid it will. You know policies influence business to some extent.
I hope our government will not be influenced by some extremists. China is really a large market. We don't want to lose it.
Thank you.
You're welcome.

Give me a pack of first-class stamps, please.
Here you are. That will be five dollars. Anything else?
Yes. I want some post cards and some airmail stamps. I want to send some letters to South America.
Just a moment, I'll look up the rate for air-mail letters to South America.
Can you tell me how much it will cost to send a package to Colombia? Also, I what to know how long it will take.
Do you have the package with you? I would have to weigh it to see how much it would cost. Do you insure package?
Yes. All you have to do declare the value of the package and decide how much you want to insure it for.
Is there a way that I can be sure that the people in South america receive my package?
The post office rarely loses package. You can, however, request a rectum receipt.
One last question-what are your hours?
We open at eight-thirty in the morning and close at five-thirty in the afternoon.
Thank you, you helped me a lot.

Hello, thank you for taking the time to interview me.
Hi there, I’m Bill Gotcha, the owner of Gotcha Enterprises. Did you find your way here OK?
Your assistant gave wonderful directions.
Why are you switching jobs at this point in your career?
Our Company is moving overseas and I wish to stay in the United States.
What are you best at?
I am good at organizing systems that have been having problems.
What is your biggest challenge in terms of skills?
I don’t like to sit around and so like to always find things to do to keep myself busy.
That is good to hear?!

Good morning. SRC international. How may I help you?
Good morning. I'd like to speak to Peter. Chen Please.
Certainly. Who should I say is calling?
This is Tim. Hunter from Hunter industries.
And what is it regarding please?
We have an appointment for this afternoon. Mr. Chen will know why I'm calling.
Of course, Please hold the line Mr. Hunter.

Right, let me run through your options. You can go ahead and cash your undue Large-Amount Deposit Certificate if you really want to, but I'd recommend a Personal Durable Commodities Loan.
OK, what does that entail?
It's not too much trouble to do it this way and remember, your certificate is due in 2 months. If you can hold on to it, it'll be much better for your finances.
Yes, it does seem a little silly to cash it now. I'll probably need about 25,000 RIB. Will that be a problem?
Not at all, Mr Zu. As the certificate is due in 2 months, you can get the loan on mortgage of that certificate.
I'm glad you thought of this. I'd have just gone ahead and cashed it?! And I suppose I can use the money from the certificate to pay back this Personal Durable Commodities Loan and I won't lose any interest, right?
Exactly right. If you'd like to go ahead, I can process that for you now, Mr Zu.
Absolutely, Jenny. Thanks very much, I think you've saved me quite a lot of money today.

My aunt told me one of her secrets--cellophane tape. I just got it at the special health store. It's for my flabby arms.
Let me know how it works. I have to say, I have had enough of this roller coaster.
I know what you mean. I'm like a yo-yo. Last week I was down to 60 kilos. This week I had one donut more. Now I'm up to 62 kilos.

May I have a menu, please?
Of course. Could you tell me how this thing is cooked? Lobster?
It is steamed and served with our special sauce.
Is it good?
Sure. It is a most popular dish.
I think I will try some lobster, and give me some green salad together.

Can’t you come in and have tea now, Peter?
Not yet, I must water the garden first.
Do you have to water it now?
I’m afraid I must. Look at it?! It’s terribly dry.
What a nuisance?! Last summer it was very dry, too. Don’t you remember? I had to water it every day.
Well, I’ll have tea by myself.
That was quick?! Have you finished already? Yes, Look out of the window. It’s raining.
That means you needn’t water the garden.
That was a pleasant surprise. It means I can have tea, instead.

I'm broke, and I have to catch another bus.
Why don't you have any money for another bus?
I got hungry and bought some chips.
That was smart.
Anyway, do you have any change I can use for the bus?
I don't have any.
I don't know how I'm going to get home.
Get a transfer from the bus driver.
How much is a transfer?
It doesn't cost anything.
That's great?! Thanks for your help.
You know what? Don't mention it.

Hello, Anna. Come in and sit down.
Hello, doctor.
What's the matter? I've got a backache.
Do you often suffer from backache?
No, I don't. I've never had a bad one before. When did it start?
About four days ago.
Well, go home and rest in bed for two days, then you'll feel better. Can you give me some medicine? It's very painful.
Yes, I'll give you some pills. Take one a time and three times a day, and come back in three days. If you don't feel...

Welcome on board. May I see your boarding pass?
Here you are. Your seat is three, in the third row, near the window.
Thank you. Where can I put my suitcase?
Either in the overhead compartment or underneath the seat.
Everyone's attention, please. We are going to take off. Please fasten your belts.

Hello, madam. How do you like your staying here?
Quite good. Excuse me, are there any places of interest?
Yes, there are so many near our hoteI. Three blocks away from here, there is temple. It's famous for its building and paintings. lt' s worth visiting.
Thank you. I think today we will go there.

You're here to make a deposit, is that correct?
Right. I'd like to deposit 2,000 RIB into my Current Account.
No problem. Could I have the cash and your Bank Book, please?
Oh dear... there seems to be some problems here... What? What's wrong?
I'm sorry but 5 of these notes seem to be counterfeit. Look at this watermark, do you see it?
It does look a little strange, I didn't notice that before.

Hello, sir. Is there anything I can help you find?
Um... Uh... I'm just looking, thanks.
Need a gift for your girlfriend or wife...
No, no, no. I'm just browsing. Thanks anyway.
Well, if you need anything, just ask. Um... well, where's the men's shoe department?
It's on the third floor. Turn left when you get off the escalator.
Thanks.

An idea about killing time on a train?
I advise you to read Playboy.You can get a lot from it.
But there's quite a lot of rumors about it.
That's why it's interesting.

Have you brought the receipt with you?
No, I don't. I left it home.
Sorry, but we can't do anything without the receipt. Come back with it.
I didn't know. I'll go to get it. How late will you be open?
Till 5:30.

I haven't told you what happened yet, have I?
I haven't heard anything.
My boss offered me a promotion, and I took it.
Are you serious?
Yes, I am really excited.
That's great. Congratulations?!
Thank you.
Actually, I could not believe it at first. You know, there're so many outstanding people in our company. Many of them are qualified to fill that position.
Sure, but you really did great and outperformed the others. You deserved it?!
Thank you very much.

I like Chinese food.
I like Chinese food, too. I like dumplings best. At school, we sometimes have Chinese food for lunch.
That's good. We eat Chinese food only at the Chinese restaurant.
My mother can make some Chinese food.
Really? That's wonderful?!

OK. Come back into the classroom, class.
Does the class start again, Mam?
Yes, but to the heath, this break has last long enough.
Oh, breaktime flies. come on, baby. It’s time now.
Mam, another minute, could I?
Hurry up, little boy.

What's the actual flight time from here to San Francisco?
It's about twelve hours.
Can you tell me what time we're arriving?
Sure. Let me see... at 6:15 a. m. local time.
I see. And that'll be 10:15 p. m. Beijing time.

Excuse me, but I'm not feeling too well. I think I'm going to throw up.
There's an airsickness bag behind the seat that's in front of you.
I must've missed it. Is this your first time flying?
Yes. I'm going to San Francisco.
Oh, it's a beautiful city. I think you'll like it.
Hey, I'm feeling much better already.
Sometimes if you don't think about it, that sick feeling will go away on its own.
Thanks.
By the way, my name is Mary.
I'm Frank. Nice to meet you.

Welcome to Al's Bakery. What can I get you?
Hi?! Let me get a dozen croissants, four blueberry muffins and a loaf of sourdough bread.
Sure. Would you like to have the loaf sliced?
No, that's OK. Do you have any whole wheat bread?
We are out at the moment. May I suggest some rye bread?
Sure that sounds good. Do you have any cakes?
We have various birthday cakes and also ice cream cakes.
I'll just take a cheesecake.
Will that be all?
Yes.
Your total is forty three dollars and twenty cents.
You got it.

Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, we are happy you have all come out for our training workshop. Today we have a great line-up of speakers to talk to you. First on our program is a well-renown expert in the field of international economic development, Harvard's own Dr. James Smith. Dr. Smith has been involved in economic research for over twenty years, and has taught at Harvard since 1995. And now, without further adieu, we'd like to welcome Mr. James Smith.
Thank you, Mr. Jackson, ladies and gentlemen, colleagues, friends. The subject of my talk is international relations in a morgen world. I plan to say a few words about the current situation in the Middle East and how it affects world economy. I'd like to give you an overview of the way that the economies of seemingly unrelated countries are intertwined. I've divided my talk into three parts, first an overview of international relations, second a discussion of current political situations, and lastly trends for the future. My presentation will take about two hours, but there will be a twenty-minute break in the middle. We'll stop for lunch at 12.

You're looking rather pale, why?
I couldn't sleep well recently.
You'd get plenty of sleep for you work so hard.
I always drink too much wine in the evening.
You shan't drink more wine in the evening.
Yes, you are right.
And you'd take some exercise every day.
Many thanks for your advice.

Hello Mrs Parker, how have you been?
Hello Dr Peters. Just fine thank you. Ricky and I are here for his vaccines.
Very well. Let's see, according to his vaccination record, Ricky has received his Polio, Tetanus and Hepatitis B shots. He is 14 months old, so he is due for Hepatitis A, Chickenpox and Measles shots.
What about Rubella and Mumps?
Well, I can only give him these for now, and after a couple of weeks I can administer the rest.
OK, great. Doctor, I think I also may need a Tetanus booster. Last time I got it was maybe fifteen years ago?!
We will check our records and I'll have the nurse administer and the booster as well. Now, please hold Ricky's arm tight, this may sting a little.

I’m interested in teaching at your school.
Great. Are you a qualified teacher?
Yes.
What kind of teaching certificate do you have?
I have a TEFL certificate.
How many years of experience do you have?
I have three years of teaching ESL and four years of teaching per-school children.
When did you get your TEFL certificate?
I got my TEFL certificate three years ago.
Why do you want to teach at our school?
Well, I’Ve heard many good things about it. I also like teaching young children.
That’s great. Can you speak Chinese?
Yes, just a little.
Can you come in for an interview tomorrow at 10:00?
I sure can.
Great. See you then.

Why is the car before us stopping?
What's going on? Look. Two cars are standing right in the middle of the road and the drivers are shouting rude words to each other.
That's why that car stops.
More and more people easily get irritated while driving.
Yes. This is what is called road rage.

This is today’s schedule. At 8 thirty AM, conference with the department managers. At 9 o’clock, live for the workshop where you’ll award prizes to the staff for preventatives.
That’s great. What are the prizes?
3000 RIB as bonus for each person. To encourage the staff increases.
Ok. Next thing is laying the corner-stone for the new plant at 10 AM. At 12 AM, back here for lunch. What about the afternoon? At 2 PM, give a presentation here with the press. At four o’clock sharp, have dinner with Mr. Smith, manager of NCC.

This is Lincoln Bank, Consumer Credit Department. How can I help you?
Ah, hello. I'm calling to find out how I apply for a car loan.
We offer a Personal Automobile Consumer Loan. The application process is pretty straight forward. I trust you have enough funds to cover the 20 % down payment?
Yes, I do. It's ready and waiting in my account.
The next step is for us to recommend a dealer to you, who are already contracted to us, so...
Could I just stop you there? Sorry to interrupt, but I have already been to your appointed dealer and selected the car I want.
That will certainly cut down the processing time. We can move on to the next step. Do you have the purchase price?
Yes, it's 110,000 RIB. So, with the down payment done, I will need to borrow 70,000 RIB.
What we need you to do next is to come into the branch with a correctly filled in application form, ID card, proof of residency, proof of income, the agreement from the agent and of course the 20 % down payment.
Yes, I have everything here.
OK, I'll come in and see you later today. Maybe I could have my new car as early as next week?! How exciting?!

Hi, my name is Tom.
Tom, the new sales representative? Nice to meet you?! I'm Melinda.
Nice to meet you too.Melinda. Now let me show you around. This is our reception area, and our conference room is right over there. Over here is the sales department.
Really? This is a nice office, but it's quite small.
Yeah... You can make photocopies and send faxes over there.
It looks like you guys work hard.
I tell you what just between you and me, we just mess things up so that it looks like we work hard.Just kidding.
Oh, your cubicle is over the. And this way. Those are all private offices the managers offices.
Hmm... Tell me more details about our jobs.
Sure thing.

What do you think of our price? Your price has gone up sharply, hasn't it?
Yes. We regret we cannot maintain our original price. Since the prices of the raw materials have been raised, we have to adjust the price of our products accordingly.
I agree with you there, but your price is unreasonable.
I don't think so. You must compare our price with that of other export houses. I'm sure our offer is in line with the prevailing market price level.
I don't think we'll be able to pay the price.
To have this business concluded, you need to lower your price at least by 3 %.
I’m afraid that there is no room for any reduction in price.
Don't you agree with me that in the long run, moderate prices will bring about large sales and more profit?
We've already cut down our price to cost level.
Is that all?
Yes, this is the best we can do.
I'm sorry we can't handle the price you offered.

So, Jimmy, how does it feel to have your own money?
It’s great, dad. I don’t mind delivering papers, but the real fun is collecting the money.
Even though you are only twelve, it’s not too early to start saving a little money.
I’Ve never had a bank account before. Why don’t I just keep my money under the matters like grandpa does?
You know you would spend it. And also, money in the bank earns interest.
But what if I need my money suddenly?
The bank will give you a PIN, and you can withdraw money from any ATM.
Great?! So it’s almost the same as keeping it under the matters?!
Not quite. You have to maintain a minimum balance of twenty dollars. And sometimes the bank has service charges. But you don’t have to worry about that yet. Let’s go make your first depot OK.
Guess I have to do that before. I can make money my first withdrawal.

Is this where I can catch a bus to the theater?
Yes, but you can't get there with out a change.
Which bus do I have to change?
You have to get off at the hospital and change for bus 15.
I see. Thank you.

Here we are, Joan. This is the Palace museum, also known as the Forbidden city.
Oh, how splendid?! Can you take a picture of me here?
Sure.

Excuse me. I'm afraid I got lost. Where am I on this map?
We are here, bus station, we are in the heart of the city.
Oh?! Can I go from here to the Zhongshan Park?
Head straight up the street about two blocks then turn right.

Tony, could you tell me if there are any special rules about the job?
Working hours are from 8: 30 a. m. to 5:00 p. m. Be sure not to be late or absent. Report to the manager by filling in the' Monthly Report' every month.
Is there anything else? How about my salary?
Our company has a strict and reasonable salary standard. On the 20th day of every month, you can get your salary on time. Benefits depend upon the length of service and the employee's past attendance record.
Wow, thank you for telling me these. Do you mind telling me something else, like attendance record, holiday, and how to ask for leave?
All new members are likely to ask the same questions. Haha.
I can understand that. Every month you have three days off, besides the weekends and some important holidays. After you've been here for a year, you qualify for a one-week vacation. The leave less than a half-day should predict for an hour, and more than a half-day should predict three days.
Okay, that's good. I get it.

Kate, you never believe what's happened.
What do you mean?
Masha and Hero are getting divorced.
You are kidding. What happened?
Well, I don't really know, but I heard that they are having a separation for 2 months, and filed for divorce.
That's really surprising. I always thought they are well matched.
What about the kids? Who get custody?
Masha, it seems quiet and makable, no quarrelling about who get the house and stock and then contesting the divorce with other details worked out.
That's the change from all the back stepping we usually hear about.
Well, I still can't believe it, Masha and Hero, the perfect couple.
When would they divorce be final?
Early in the New Year I guess.

Overseas operator. I would like to make a collect call to Taipei, Taiwan, please.
Your name, please.
Tim Chen.
What's the number, please.
The area code is 2, and the number is 2367-9960.
The line is connected. Please go ahead.

Hello. Excuse me.
Yes. Can I help you? Do you remember me? I just had lunch here a half hour ago.
Of course I remember you.
I think I lost my wallet here.
Oh, no. Really? I didn't see anything.
Really? You didn't find a wallet?
No, I didn't.
Would you like to go look by the table with me?
Yes, I would.
It's not here. And it's not on the floor.Has anyone sat at this table since we left?
No. It's been empty the whole time.
Hmm. I don't know how it could have happened.
I remember, sir, that your friend took the bill.You didn't pay for the lunch yourself, did you?
No. My friend did.
Then are you sure you took your wallet out of your pocket while you were here?
No, I'm not sure. But I usually take out my wallet when I sit down.It' s uncomfortable to sit on it. So I usually put it next to me on the table.
Maybe you lost it before you came here. Or maybe you left it at home.
I don't think it's at home. I think I had it when I left the house.But what should I do?
Well, the first thing you should do is make sure it's not at home.Then, if it isn't, you need to call your credit card companies and cancel your cards. Next, you need to replace whatever you lost, your driver's license, things like that.
Should I call the police?
You can if you want. But the police usually don't do anything about lost wallets.
Hmm. I'll go home and check. Maybe you're right. Maybe it's at home.
I'm sorry we couldn't find it, sir.
Thanks for your help.

Good morning, young lady. You can call me Ma. Do you see anything you like?
Yes. Many things?! I especially love this beautiful quilt.
That quilt was passed down to me from my ma in Holland.
It sounds like a special quilt. Why do you want to sell it?
Well, this home is too big for me now, so I'm moving to an apartment that is much smaller. Therefore, I need to part with a few things.
Oh, I see. Umm, how much do you want for the quilt?
Is fifteen dollars OK?

Have you got change for a thousand?
Let me see.

May I come in, Mr Sun?
I’d rather you didn’t, Miss Yang. I’m very busy now.
Can I try later then?
Yes, of course.
Is it all right for me to come in now, Mr Sun?
Well, uh... I’m still pretty busy, but... all right. Come in.
What can I do for you?
Do you mind if I sit down?
Not at all. Take a seat. Now what can I do for you?
I want to leave the department. Do you think I could put info a transfer?
Yes.
But why should you want to do that?
Do you mind if I speak frankly?
Not at all. Go ahead.
Well. You see, I don’t like the office. I don’t like the staff. And I’m afraid of you. And I don’t want to go one. So may I put info a transfer?
Yes. I’d be delighted if you did.

Where is that? Take me to the airport, please.
Are you in a hurry?
I have to be there before 17 o'clock.
We'll make it except a jam. You know it's rush hour.
There's an extra ten in it for you if you can get me there on time.
I'll do my best.
Here's twenty dollars. Do you have small bills?
No. If you can't break it, keep the change. But can you give me a receipt?
Here is your receipt.
Thank you.

Recently I have been getting headache and my eyes don't seems to see focus properly.
When did you last time have your eyes checked?
Two years ago. At that time I had no problems.Now I can’t even make out something ten meters away.
Come over here. I will test your eyes. First cover your left eye like this, and when I point, please read the chart from the top, and go as far as you can, telling me which way the “ E ” points.
All right. Good.Now the other eye. Well, this one is worse.
Never mind, just read as far as you can.
I can only read the first three lines.

Is there a car park near the supermarket?
Yes, there is an underground car park near the supermarket.
I see. Thanks.

Oh, come on, Ultraman?! What's up, Bro? What's in the bulletin?
It says that there will be a blackout from 5 p. m. to 7 p. m. in our neighborhood today.
Blackout? Even the TV has the limit. Don't you know you will look like a monster in the blackout?
Oops, no, Daddy can't watch American Idol, either?! That's not the point.
Come on, can you imagine that there will be no electricity on such a hot day? Oh, my god?! No air-conditioner?!
OK, since you are the smart one, can you come up with a better plan? So that we won't be baked like cookies here.
How about playing Barbie out there in the neighborhood?
Barbie? You know, I might be seven, but I'm not a girl.
Do you have a better plan?
All right, all right.

Yes, ma'am, how could I help you?
I am wondering if you do facial care?
Yes, we do.
How much would it be?
From 200 to 800.
I'm afraid 800 is too expensive for me. Could you recommend something around 300?
No problem.

Can I help you, Miss?
I would like to order 2 office-style cabinets and desk calendars. We want office-style cabinets in white. The catalogue number is 90-f-2356.
How soon do you want it?
Could you deliver it tomorrow?
No problem. Please handle the items carefully.
Certainly.
We will pay by collect on delivery.

I hate to do this to you, Alice, but I’m going to have to ask you to put in some more overtime.
Does it have to be this afternoon, Mr. Fairbanks? I’Ve already made plans.
Well, I would have preferred to do it today, but if you’Ve already made plans, we can do it tomorrow.
I’d appreciate that, sir. How long do you think you’ll need me to stay?

What’s your attitude when do wrong things at work?
The buck stops here.

Hello?! Is your company advertising for administrative assistant on the newspapers?
Well, Administrative assistant with shorthand and typing skills are badly needed here.
First I want to check about the availability and see if you could give me more information.
The position calls for a person with some working experience. We must be able to benefit from your analytical and interpersonal skills. Can you deliver your resume to us first?
Of course. I will deliver my resume to you in minutes' time. I hope you will consider my application and I shall appreciate a reply at your earliest convenience.
OK. I will call you soon. Bye now.
Bye.

Just as the saying goes, every potter praises his own pot. You should pay special attention to selling yourself properly in the interview. It is especially important for the graduates who step into the job market for the first time. You'd better prepare what you are going to say in advance, in order to have a good performance in the interview. The contents should be mainly descriptions of your background. And the length depends on the particular situation. Only when you are aware of what the interviewer will be interested in, can you make a targeted preparation. To sell yourself successfully, you should leave the interviewer a deep impression. Selling yourself should go straight to the point, and the statement should be clear and brief. It should also be truthful and realistic. Do not blindly blow your own horn. You should particularly state your strong points which are closely related to the position you are applying for. While you should not omit your weak points, they need to be described appropriately Time permitted, you could add certain examples to your description. Besides, in the interview, it is best that you make corresponding adjustments to apply your prepared contents flexibly.

Hello?
Hi, Deborah?! This is John. I'm calling from Australia.
What are you doing in Australia?
I'm attending a conference in Sydney this week. Remember?
Oh, right. What time is it there?
It's 10:00 P. M. And it's four o'clock in Los Angeles, right?
Yes - four o'clock in the morning.
4:00 A. M.? I'm really sorry.
That's OK. I'm awake now.

John hasn't turned up and Stefan is ill. Do we have anyone on stand-by?
I'm afraid not, we're very short-staffed at the moment.
Can you ask the shift supervisor to ask one of his team to do some overtime?
Perhaps Tommy can stand in for an hour or two until we find a replacement.

Jack, let’s go?! Oh, you are out of breath?! What happened?
Some people are wildly shooting on the next street. We must leave here as soon as possible?!
Take it easy. They will get caught.

Hello. May I speak to Jerry, please?
Sorry, but he is out for lunch right now.
I see. Can you give me some idea how long he'll be back?
I think he will be back around 2:00. If you like, please leave your name and phone number, I'll have him call you as soon as he comes back.
That's nice. My name is Steven, my phone number is 6789777.
Okay, I'll be waiting for his call. Thank you and bye?!
My pleasure, bye?!

Excuse me, Miss. What can I do for you?
I've just heard an announcement that my flight has been delayed.
What's your flight number?
Flight CA216 to Chengdu.
Yes, it's true. It has been delayed.
Could you please tell me why?
Yes, of course. The delay is due to heavy rain.
How long will the delay be? Do you have any further information about it?
I am sorry, we don't know the extent of the delay at present. But according to the latest weather forecast, there will be a change in weather soon. We have to wait.
Well, is it possible for the rain to stop before noon?
It's hard to say. Weather is so changeable in the summer. Please listen to the latest announcement about your flight.
Yes, I will. Thanks a lot. Bye?!
Bye

What are we going to do? I can't get the car out of this ditch. I'm stuck?!
I'm worried, Tom. I haven't seen any other cars for almost an hour.
I know. This is terrible. What can we do? This snow doesn't stop falling?!
I told you we should have stayed in town today.The weather report said 100 percent chance of snow.Why did you want to come up here?
I wanted to show you the cabin. We only had another half-hour to go.
Well, now we're stuck. What can we do?
I don't know. I've heard that when this happens, it's important to save energy.
What do you mean? We're stranded here, Tom. We may be here a long time.We need to conserve the gas in the car. The car's energy is what will keep us warm.
I have plenty of gas.
Yes, but the gas and the battery both have to stay working.We can't just let the car run and run.If we do, it will die soon. Then we'll freeze.
So what can we do?
Turn the lights off.Then, run the car and the heater only about fifteen minutes every hour.That will conserve the heat as long as possible.
Alright. That's a good idea. I wish we hadn't come up here. Now we'll probably be here for days.
Days?
Yes, it happens.That is what happens in big snowstorms. People get stranded for days.
Oh, my God?! It's good we have food. Probably we'll survive.But turn the car off for about forty-five minutes. Then we'll turn it on again.

Hey, buddy, can’t you see there’s a line?
Oh, sorry. I didn’t know.
What? You haven’t taken the bus before?
No, I’m afraid not.
Well, you have to wait in line like everyone else. Besides, you should let old people on first.
Sorry.
It’s all right. Where are you going?
I wanted to see the White House.
Oh, well you don’t want this bus, anyway. It goes to Georgetown.
Oh, no. It’s all right, though. Just get off at the next stop and catch the 79A.
Oh, well thank you very much.
You’re welcome.

Can I help you?
I'd like the double cheese burger meal, please.
What kind of drink would you like with that?
Just coke will be fine.
Would you like a super size meal? Only 2 RIB more, you'll get large coke and fries instead of medium. And today we are offering free toys all the meal boxes.
That sounds good, thanks, I'd like that. Actually I'd like sprite instead of coke, thanks.
That's not a problem, Miss. Will that be it?
Yes, that's all. That will be 25RMB, please
You got it.

Do you have any night tours?
Yes, we will depart in 10 minutes.
Is that a guided tour?
Yes, it is.
That's fine. Let's get on the bus.

I am sure we will make it up as soon as possible.
That's nice. We hope this matter will not affect our good relations in our future dealings.
Of course not. We have cooperated for a long time.

I would like to purchase some meat.
What kind of meat would you like to get today?
First off, I'm going to need a pound of ground beef.
A pound of ground beef is $ 2.48.
That's perfect. What else will you be needing?
I'm also going to need three pounds of chicken breasts.
The chicken breasts cost $ 4.05 per pound. What's the total price for the chicken?
It's going to be $ 12.15.
Okay, I think that will be all for me today.

I think you know already that I want to discuss the represent - ton for your alarm clocks.
Yes, Mr. Bergeron. You mentioned that in your letter.
To tell you the truth, your proposal surprised us.
Is that so?
Anyhow I want to go over the details with you in person, so you can give my suggestion thorough consideration.
Our firm specializes in this line of business. We have six sales representatives, who are on the road all the time, covering the whole of the European market.
Do you sell direct to shops?
Yes, we specialize in handling clocks and watches of all sorts. We have well established channels of distribution and we canvass the retailers direct, without any middlemen.
Do you keep a stock of these things?
In some cases, such as the wristwatches, which always have a steady market, we keep a stock in London and act as distributors as well as agents. Generally, however, we pass on the orders of our clients to the manufacturers for supply. We are paid for our service, of course.
That is, your commission.
Yes, our commission is very reasonable. We usually get a 10 % commission of the amount on every deal. Our agents in other areas usually get a 3-5 % commission. The European market is not familiar with your products. You have competitors from Japan and other continental countries. At the beginning of our campaign, there is sales resistance to overcome, we must send out salesmen to do a lot of traveling and spend a considerable amount of money on advertising in news - papers and TV programs. A 10 % commission will not leave us much.
According to your estimate, what is the maximum annual turn - over you can fulfill, in round figures, of course?
We will always do our utmost to enlarge the business, as our remuneration increases with the turnover, but we will not guar - ante anything, at least not to begin with.
We appreciate very much your intention to push the sale of our products. But our suggestion to you, Mr. Bergeron, as a preliminary step, is to do a little research into the market...
Do you mean to say you refuse us the agency?
Mr. Bergeron, you leave us no alternative. We can not give you an exclusive agency of the whole European market without having the slightest idea of your possible annual marketing turnover. Besides our price is worked out according to the costing. A 10 % commission means an increase in our price. We must have the reaction of the buyers in this respect.
Oh, that's just too bad. I intended to make great efforts in selling your products.
Well, we can still carry on our business relationship without the agreement. To start the ball rolling, we will provide you with price lists, catalogues and some samples. Only when you have a thorough knowledge of the marketing possibilities of our products, can we then discuss further details.
Ah, Mrs. Miller, but in this case am I covered?
Oh, yes. We will give you a 5 % commission on every transaction.
All right, but I'll be back again for the Autumn Fair. And then I hope we can see eye to eye about our commission and the terms of the agency.
Very good. We will discuss the matter again at the next Fair.

Excuse me, I’m sorry to trouble you. My name is Susan Ransom, and I have placed several orders with you company.
Yes, Mr. Ransom? This is Karl Miller. How may I help you?
Well, I wonder if you could track an order I placed with you last month. It hasn’t arrived yet.
Certainly, Ms. Ransom. Do you have an order number?

Have you worked out the offers. Mr. Thou?
Yes, we have. Here's our CIF quotation sheet. Please have a careful look.
Are the prices on the list firm offers?
Yes. All the quotations on the list are subject to our final confirmation.
I wonder whether there are any changes in your prices.
All these products are our best-selling lines. The prices of our products will change according to that of the international market demand. And we are always open to negotiate, especially on larger orders.
What do you have in mind?
How long does your offer remain valid?
I need some time to get my supervisors on board with this plan.
I understand. Our offer remains open for 4 days.

Hello sir, may I help you?
Yeah, I accidentally dropped my phone in the toilet.
I see. Well, you have come to the right place. We have over one hundred models of more than twenty leading mobile phone manufacturers.
Sounds good. I don’t want it to be too expensive, maybe something mid-range.
We have this new ETC smart phone.It comes with the Android OS so you can download applications. It also has a built-in camera, mp3 player and touch screen. It works on the 3G network so you have fast access to the internet wherever you are.
What about Wi-fi?
Of course?! You can access the internet from any hotspot as well as from home.
One last thing. Is it waterproof?

We have been over this a hundred times?! We are not getting a pet?!
Why not? Come on?! Just a cute little puppy or a kitty?!
Who is going to look after a dog or a cat?
I will?! I’ll feed it, bathe it and walk it every day?! We can get a Labrador or a German Shepard?!
What if we want to take a vacation? Who will we leave it with? Plus, our apartment is too small for that breed of dog.
Ok. How about we get a cat or a ferret?
We’re planning on having children soon, I don’t think those animals are a good idea with a baby in the house.
Fine?! Let’s get a bird then?! We can keep it in its cage and teach it to talk?! A parrot would be awesome?!
I’ll tell you what, I can get you some hamsters and we’ll take it from there.
Yay?!

Good evening, Mr. Lee and thank you for choosing our airline. We have just discovered that this flight is overbooked. Would you like to volunteer to give up your seat?
Overbooked? Give up my seat? I don’t understand.
From time to time we have a situation in which there are more passengers than there are seats on the aircraft. That’s overbooked.
I know what overbooked is, I just don’t understand how that could happen?
Actually it’s a common practice to overbook, as passengers often don’t take their flight as scheduled. Most of the time there is no problem but today, more passengers arrived than we have seats,
So who has to stay behind?
Well, first we ask for volunteers. If someone like yourself volunteers, they receive a free round trip ticket to be used within one year. If no one volunteers we just have to select someone.
Ok. I’ll volunteer. I could use a free ticket?!

I want to rent this apartment.
I’m glad to hear that. How much are you asking?
You will have to pay $ 1050 every month.
I can’t afford that. What can you afford?
I was thinking $ 800 a month.
I’ll need you to pay more than that. How much more?
How does $ 900 every month sound to you?
I can live with that. We have a deal then.

Good morning, Miss Monica. Nice to meet you again?!
Good morning, Mr. Thomas, it is nice to see you too. After the internal discussion, we have all agreed that you are the most suitable person for this position among all the candidates. So, today let’s talk about your expected salary and social benefits. What is your expected salary?
I’Ve worked in the field for more than 4 years. Depend on my work qualifications and experience, I would like to have 5000 Yuan to start.
The basic salary for your position in our company would be 4800 Yuan to start with increases giving according to your performance.
It is a bit lower than I expected. But I can accept that.
What are the working hours?
40 hours a week, Monday to Friday, 9 AM to 5 PM with one hour lunch break every day..
Do I have to work on weekend? If so, how do you pay for the overtime?
We do expect overtime work when it is necessary, but we pay twice of the work hour for working on weekends and three times for working on national holidays like Spring Festival and the Mid-Autumn Day.
Is there probation?
No probation is involved. If you feel good, you can start next week.

Welcome to the McDonald's. What will it be for you, madam?
One Big Mac and French Fries.
Is there anything else?
Give me one coke, please.
Is this to go or to eat here?
To go, please.
That comes to four dollars and ten cents.
And can I have some ketchup, please?
It's on the service counter over there. Please go to help yourself.

What's the name of this street?
University Street.
Do you know of any banks near here?
You'll see one at the corner on your right.

Hey there, you look a little lost. Are you new here?
Yeah how’d you know?
You can always spot the newbies. I can give you a few pointers if you want. Were you trying to use this machine here?
Yeah?! I just started my training today and I’m not really sure where to begin.
It’s ok, I know how it is. This machine here will work out your upper body, mainly your triceps and biceps. Are you looking to develop strength or muscle tone and definition?
Well, I don’t want to be ripped like you?! I just want a good physique with weights and Carpio.
In that case you want to work with less weight. You can start off by working ten to fifteen reps in four sets. Five kilo weights should be enough. Now it’s very important that you stretch before pumping iron or you might pull a muscle.
Got it?!
Wow is that the weight you are lifting? My goodness that’s a lot of weight?!
It’s not that much. Just watch... I’m ok...

Excuse me.Could you tell me how to return to the Hilton Hotel? I am afraid I lost my way.
Do you have a hotel card or something? Let's see.Yes, I have the address and telephone number here.
Oh, you're staying at the downtown Hilton.Then, you go down two blocks this way and turn left.You' ll find it on the right.
Well, I don't understand it very well.Will you draw me a map?

Excuse me, but could you tell me the way to the railway station?
The railway station? Just go down this street and turn left at the second corner. The station is at the end of that street.
How long will it take me to get there?
It's about a ten-minute walk.
That's very clear. I think I can find my way now. Thank you.
Not at all.

How does the political system work in your country?
We have hundreds of constituencies and the voters in each one elect a member of parliament. Most people call them mp’s.
Each mp belongs to a political party, right?
Almost all of them do. A few are independent. That means that they do not belong to a party.
If one party more than half of the mp’s. they form a government. That means that they choose a prime Finist
What’s a cabinet?
This is a small group of people-perhaps 25 mp’s who are usually ministers. They make all the big decision and discuss laws and policy.
Can any mp make a law?
Any mp can present a law to parliament. The proposed law is debated and voted on. If it is accepted, it becomes law.
I suppose a proposed a law needs the support of the big political parties.
Yes, it does, because they have most of the mp’s. most mp’s vote the way their party wants them to.
How do people choose which party or candidate to vote for?
They produce manifesto. These documents which states their policies. Some people just vote for the same party every time there is an election. Voters who often change the party they vote for are Calle

How was your interview?
Pretty good. The HR manager asked me the usual questions. Then he wondered why I had decided to leave my previous job.
What did you say?
I told him that I hadn’t got a raise for three years. I also told him that one of my best co-workers quitted her job because she had not been promoted for eight years.
Did he want to know the reasons?
Yes. I told him that my boss made some excuses of the recession. But I thought he had a pattern and a record of promoting men only. That’s sex discrimination.
When will you get the reply?
In a couple of days, I was told.
Wish you good luck?!
Thank you.

What qualities do you think a senior executive should possess?
Generally speaking, he needs creativity, the ability to communicate, sense of personal responsibilities, the ability to solve problems and so on.
Do you have all these qualities?
Yes, I have all of them. I am totally competent to be a senior executive.

Hi. I need more amenities, please.
Could you be a little more specific, sir?
Well, to be more specific, the free stuff, like soap, lotion, and shampoo.
I understand. Now, you're saying that you've already used up all your amenities?
Oh, no?! I've got all I need for my stay here.
So, what's the problem?
I need souvenirs?!
You want some souvenirs?!
Yes, yes. Souvenirs.
But, sir, our souvenir shop carries all those items.
That's not the same thing. If you buy hotel souvenirs, they have no sentimental value.
I understand, sir. I'll call housekeeping. You'll have your souvenirs shortly.

Hello, may I help you?
Yes.We' re interested in seeing the rooms for rent.
Oh, how nice.They' re bright rooms and the house is very quiet.
A nice quiet house is exactly what we're looking for.
Well, gentleman.Each room is $ 40 a week if you think that's OK.
That sounds just wonderful to us. When do you want to move in?
How about this afternoon?
Fine. I'll be expecting you around two.

Are you ready to order? May I suggest a veal?
No, I'll have the fish please.
The chicken is also nice.
No, I want the fish.
Our special tonight is lobster.
Thank you, but I prefer the fish.
Perhaps you'd enjoy the lamb.
No, I like the fish.
What ever you say?

Am I ever hungry? When will supper be ready?
It's almost ready. Can you set the table?
All right. Want to taste this dish?
Yeah. Oh, it's delicious?! Really?
Definitely. It's a wonderful meal.
Thank you, Honey. If you like to help me do the dishes, I'll be more dreadful.
I wish I could, but I won't.

Good morning, Kate. Long time no see.
Good morning, Vera, Nice to meet you.
Kate, I know you’Ve been a stewardess for more than one year. And I’ll have an interview on stewardess tomorrow. Can you tell me some etiquette about the interview?
Of course. First you should do up your long hair and do make up but not too thick.
Is there anything else I should pay attention to?
Yes, when you attend the interview, you should pay attention to your manner, style of conversation and expression. You should keep smiling always, being polite when you talk with the interviewer. Don't move from time to time when you sit there. And you also should know how to use eye contact.
Thank you, I've learned so much from you.
That’s all right. Hope you can do better tomorrow.

Can you fix me a cup of tea, Johnny?
Well... uh... how about a glass of juice instead?
No. I'd like tea. Can you put it in my favorite cup? You probably washed it...
Oh, yeah. Well, uh, about your mug... I'll find it...
Where are all the floral pattern plates? And dad's Yankee's mug?

Good morning, sir. May I help you?
Yes, I'd like to settle my bill.
Certainly sir. May I have your room key, please?
Sure. Here you are.
Just a moment, please. I'll draw up your bill for you... Thank you for waiting, sir. Your bill totals two thousand six hundred and fifty-eight yuan, including the phone and laundry.
That much?! Would you mind letting me have a look at it?
Not at all, sir. Here you are.
Thanks. Well, It seems to be right. How much is that in dollars, please?
Just a moment, sir. I'll calculate that for you. It comes to 305 dollars and 52 cents at today's exchange rate.
I see. OK. How would you like to make the payment?
In cash, please.
Here you are.
Thank you, sir... Here is your change. Could you check it, please? Thank you for choosing our hotel. I hope you enjoyed your stay.
By the way, please forward my mail to this address.
Certainly, sir. We hope you have a good trip.

Hi, Sam. I want to buy a pet. Do you have any ideas?
You really should go to Rachel's pet store.
why? anything special there?
it's more than special. You can find as many kinds of animals as you can put a name to and more.
Oh, really? are there any snakes?
snakes? there are even rodents and monkeys?! it's a world of exotic pets.
that's terrific. I can't wait to check it out.
Hang on. are you sure you want to keep a non-traditional pet?
why not? it's so cool.
but it will pose a risk to your health.
pardon?
i mean, most reptiles carry some harmful bacteria. they are likely to cause immune system problems.
well, I didn't realize that. I don't believe it's a good choice to keep those pets, especially for families with young children.
oh, I should have thought of my brother's baby girl. Maybe I'll just have a dog instead of an exotic pet.
yes, good luck, Maria.

I’m a new student. My name’s Robert. Nice to meet you.
My name’s Sophie. Are you French?
Yes, I’m. Are you French, too?
No, I’m not. What nationality are you?
I’m Italian. Are you a teacher?
No, I’m not. What’s your job?
I’m a keyboard operator. What’s your job?
I’m an engineer.

I can’t believe Obama is our President.
I am proud to know that he is our President.
You voted for him, right?
Did you vote for him, because I know that I did.
I did, too. I have nothing but faith in Obama.
Really? I’m sure he will help better America.
We do need some change in this country.
Our country is already changing as it is.
You’re absolutely right. I trust that he will take good care of our country.

Do you have a reservation, sir?
No, I’m afraid we don’t.
I’m sorry the restaurant is full now. You have to wait for about half an hour. Would you like to have a drink at the lounge until there’s a table available.
No, thanks, I’ll come back later. May I reserve a table for two?
Yes, of course. May I have your name, sir?
Bruce
By the way, can we have a table by the window?
we’ll try to arrange it, but I can’t guarantee sir.
That’s fine.
your table's ready, sir? Please step this way.

Do you have coffee shops in China, too?
Yes, of course. There are many tea houses and bars in China, too. People can drink, eat and relax at these places.
You like to go to these places, don’t you?
Yes, sometimes the music there is so beautiful. It is very romantic. I can stay there for hours.
Do you often go there alone?
No, I often go there with my friends.

Hi there?! I am looking for a new car. I have this old Ford Pinto that I would like to trade in.
I see. You are in luck this month because all of our models are on sale?! it is a perfect time to buy a new car since it’s the end of the year.
Perfect?!
I like this one.
That is the Ford Focus. A very light but powerful vehicle. It comes with dual side airbags, power steering and power windows, tinted windows and your choice of either automatic or manual transmission.
Sounds like a good car?! How many miles to the gallon?
It is a very fuel efficient vehicle giving you about 34 miles in the city and 40 on the highway.
That is really convenient. Especially now that fuel prices are so high?!
What’s under the hood?
A very powerful 2.5- liter turbocharged engine, Trust me, this car is fast?!
Now for the most difficult question. What is the price tag for this lovely vehicle?
Very affordable mam. You can take it out of this lot today with 0 % down payment and no interest for the first year?! You can test drive it now and we can sign the papers when we get back.
Great?! Let’s do it?!

I wonder if you could help me, I'm looking for a room.
Well, I have got a vacancy.
What sort of price are you asking?
Eight dolls fifty a week excluding laundry.
Would it be convenient to see the room?
Can you call back later? We're right in the middle of lunch.

Could you give me an expense report? I would like to attach the invoices for my phone bill this season.
Here you are. Do you need glue?
That is very kind of you. I’m just running out of glue.
You’re welcome.

IBA, Jane speaking. How can I help you?
Hello. I'd like to speak to someone regarding my card.
Sorry, I'm not quite sure if I understand. In what way, Sir? Has your card been stolen?
No, no. Nothing at all like that. It's just that I applied for a credit card with you a while ago, my application was accepted, but I'm still waiting for my card.
Oh, I see, Sir. Well, it does take 5 working days to issue and post the card.
Yes, my application was accepted last Friday. Now it's Wednesday, that's more than 5 days.
Sorry, Sir, but it's 5 working days. This does not include weekends, so your card should be with you later this week.
Of course?! How silly of me?! Yes, 5 working days would mean this Friday, at the earliest.
I see. I'm sorry to trouble you.
It's no trouble at all, Sir. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nothing, thanks. I again apologise for the misunderstanding, bye for now.

What can I do for you, sir?
We'd like to order breakfast for tomorrow morning.
Yes, sir. What would you like?
Orange juice, scrambled eggs, bacon, toast and coffee.
OK, and when shall I bring it here?
About seven thirty.By the way, could you also bring me tomorrow's papers?
Of course, sir.

What shall we do when we find a shortage in the shipment?
You should do one of the two things - either to lodge a claim with the shipowner or with the insurance company.
Shall we leave it to the brokers?
Yes. They usually do it. Do they charge for that?
Of course. In Europe, they charge a commission of 1 % of the amount of the claim for their service.
Is it the same in America?
They do the work without charge to the importer. It's part of their service, isn't it?
Exactly. Is it enough to claim with an on board bill of lading?
No, you must also obtain a statement from the shipping agent certifying that the goods were actually loaded on their vessel for shipment.
I see. By the way, how do we prove the ownership of our goods?
You must provide full original set of ocean bills of lading original insurance policy or certificate and the original commercia invoice.
I see. Thank you.
You are welcome.

I'll be on business for a couple of days, could you take care of your sister?
OK, Mum, when will you be back?
I'll be back in ten days.

Passport, please, madam.
Just a minute, please. It's in my bag. Here it is.
Thank you. Please fill out the Baggage Declaration Form.
All right. Shall I enter all my belongings?
No, only the articles listed on the Declaration.

I’m hungry, let’s go grab a bite to eat.
Yeah me too.
Oh?! Can we stop at the shop really fast? I lost my makeup bag at the airport and I want to pick up a few things.
Will you take long?
No?! Five minutes I promise?!
Come on?! We have been here for almost an hour?! I thought you said you were only going to get a few things?! How long does it take you to pick out a lipstick and some nail polish?!
Are you crazy? You have no idea what you are talking about?! Just for my eyes I have to get eye-liner, an eyelash curler, eye shadow, an eyebrow pencil and mascara. Then I need to get foundation, liquid foundation.
Whoa whoa whoa?! Are you nuts? How much is all this going to cost? I’m looking at the price at each one of these little things and it’s outrageous?! This is basically a crayon?!
What about you? You spend as much or more money on your razors, after shave, cologne and gel?! Not to mention how much you spend on clothes and...
Fine?! Get the stupid thirty dollar crayon?!

Can I borrow five bucks?
No?!
Come on?! I'll pay you back on Tuesday.
Last time I lent you money, you never paid me back.
I promise if you lend me five dollars today, I will repay you in full next week.
Ok, but I'm taking your skateboard as collateral.
Fine?! I can't believe you don't trust me.
It's nothing personal, just business.

May I help you, sir?
Yes, please. I'm looking for a cotton polo shirt.
Any particular colour?
Not really. How about this one?
I like the design, but don't particularly care for the colour. Do you have that in other colours, too?
Well, they come in white, pale yellow, aqua, red and green. Will a white one do?
Yes. I prefer white - and may I see a pale yellow one, too?
Why, of course. Let's see... White... Pale yellow. Here you are, sir.

I’m so surprised to meet you in this remote village. Long time no see.
Yeah. How are you these days?

You look terrific and in good shape.
Thank you. How do you keep fit?
I do yoga twice a weeks
Yoga? It sounds interesting.
It was hard at the beginning, but now feel it's really relaxing. It makes me flexible.
Anything else?
Yes, I often go swimming. Are you interested in swimming?
Yes, I like it very much.

Are you going home now?
No, I'm not. What are you going to do? Are you going to work late?
No, I'm not. I'm going to look for an apartment.
An apartment? Why?
I'm going to try to find a place near the office.
Where are you living now?
Out in the suburbs. It's a long trip to work every day.
How are you going to find an apartment?
I'm going to buy a newspaper and check the classified ads.
Apartments in the city are expensive.
I know, but I'm going to enroll in a night school to take a course in business management.

no, no, you helped me with my computer last week. I want to repay the favor.
no, it's definitely my turn to treat you... you paid last time?!
oh, that was just a quick bite to eat---that doesn't count?!
ok, ok, how about we just go Dutch?
It's settled.
Listen, I'm still pretty new around here, would it be alright if you found the restaurant?
ok... sure.

I am waiting for a fax but just now I found there’s something wrong with the fax machine.
What’s wrong with the fax machine? Is it urgent?
Yes, very urgent. And there is no other fax machine around. And the office of our boss is closed, so I can not use his machine either. And his secretary is out. Do you have any suggestion?
Either call this extension number 0085 or ask them to send the fax to you as e-mail, you print it out.

Hey, Jim. It's time to wake up and get out of bed.
Do I have to get up now?
You'd better get up, or you'll be late.
What're you talking about? My alarm even hasn't gone off yet.
Yes, it did. It went off thirty minutes ago. You slept right through it. You're like a dead person while you sleep.
I must have slept right through it.
Rise and shine?! Sleepyhead?!
Just let me sleep five more minutes.
The early bird gets the worm.
I know, I know. But I don't want any worms. Ha?! Ha?!
If you don't make an effort now, later on it'll be a lot tougher for you.

What shall we do tonight?
How about the cinema?
That's a good idea. We haven't seen a film for ages. What would you like to see?
Oh I don't know. Titanic?
Titanic? That old film? but I've seen it before?!

I’Ve been told you might have a vacant room.
Yes. I have a spare room.
How much are you asking?
10.00 dollars a night.
Could I see the room, please?
Sure.Come on in.

Sit down, please. What's wrong with you?
I feel cold, and I'm shivering. I have a terrible headache and a sore throat.
How long have you been like that?
About a day.
Let me have a look at your throat first. Please open your mouth and say " ah ".
Ah... And show me your tongue... Thank you. That'll do. You have slight tonsillitis, and your throat is inflamed. How is your appetite?
Not so good. Now, let me take your temperature. Please put this thermometer under your armpit and let me feel your pulse? Your pulse is weak.
Do I have a temperature, doctor?
Yes, you have a high fever. I'd like to give you a blood test.

Yikes?! What was that noise?
I had to blow my nose.
Did you have to blow right next to the phone? Did you hear that?
Of course I heard that. I thought a plane had crashed into your house.
It wasn't that loud.
I will blow my nose sometime for you, and you'll see.
Okay. I'll take your word for it. I thought you had an elephant in your house.
You're funny.
What did you say? I think I've gone deaf.
I'm going into the bathroom to blow my nose. I'll be right back.

Can I have the check please?
Right away, sir.
Is this amount correct?
Yes, sir, it is.
Thank you, the service was good
Please come again.

Nowadays fewer and fewer people go to the movie theaters to see films. So I am afraid that the film studios are really getting hard time to survive.
What you said is true. But the film producers there are more flexible ways to get more audience. For example, to make more movie Ccds, so people will spend money buying them. But it is true that cinemas are losing the attraction they used to have in the past.
Yes. Take myself for example. I seldom go to cinemas, but it doesn't mean I no longer see films ; instead, I see films at home-watching Ccds.

Okay, well I’m sure you have a number of questions to ask me regarding the position.
Yes, well Miss Childs did give mean overview of the position over the phone, but there were some details I’d like to clarify.
Well feel free to ask me anything, and I’ll try to fill in the details. Could I first ask about the remuneration package?
Yes, of course. That’s quite an important point, isn’t it? As a junior sub editor we offer a starting salary of 150,000 HK dollars per annum. This doesn’t include a generous housing allowance also.
I understand. And are there other bonuses included?
Well, apart from full health insurance we do offer a company staff bonus scheme linked to readership numbers. But we could go through all the details of that at a later date.
Well, Mr. Parsons, I am flexible when it comes to salary. The opportunity to work in Hong Kong for you is the most important thing for me.
Excellent. Well, what other questions do you have Rebecca?

We need to take the accounts system offline to carry out the upgrade. But don't worry, it won't cause too much inconvenience. We're going to do it over the weekend.
How long will the system be down for?
We'll be taking everything offline in about two hours' time. It'll be down for a minimum of twelve hours. If everything goes according to plan, it should be up again by 6 pm on Saturday.
That's fine. We've allowed forty-eight hours to be on the safe side.

Welcome to IBA. Can I help you?
Yes, please. I'm here for an International Settlement. Our company has to effect payment, and it needs to be done today. Here's the advice slip for the payment.
Thanks. I'm sorry to say that you need to get this stamped. There is no stamp on this slip and it is essential before I can process it for you.
I see. So, I need to stamp it. And sign it too?
Yes, that's right. Down here, at the bottom right hand corner to show that you agree to pay the printed amount.
I'll go back to the office and get it sorted and pop back later.
Thanks, bye for now.

That's the warehouse where the large items of office equipment are stored. If I ordered a desk today, how would it be before I got delivery in Scotland?
Well, I think perhaps you'd better speak to our Production Manager, Mr. Yao. You'll meet him when we go over to the factory.

Excuse me. I have just missed the connection plane due to the heavy fog in London. Can I change my ticket now?
Please Show your ticket and passport.
Here you are.
Which flight do you want to change?
The next one to my destination. I have to be there as soon as possible.

Hi, can I speak with the apartment manager, please?
Hello, this is the apartment manager speaking.
I'm calling about the apartment for rent on Main Street.
Would you be interested in seeing the apartment?
I would love to see it.
Are you free today at around 6 p. m.?
Yes, I will be able to make it then.
Well, I'll see you at 6 p. m. Do you know how to get there?
I used to live in that area.
I'll give you an application form when I see you.
That sounds good. Do I need to bring anything?
No. Just bring yourself.

Good afternoon. Welcome to China. May I see your passport, customs and health declaration form?
Yes, here you are.
Thank you. W hat's your occupation, Mr. Smith?
I'm the general manager of the Far-East Industry Corporation. You are here on business, aren't you?
Yes, I have been invited by the East Import
I see. Do you have anything to declare?
Yes, I have some foreign currency to declare.
Would you please fill out this currency declaration form? It's a record of the foreign currency you have brought in.
All right.

How much does it cost for a bus pass?
It'll be $ 65 for a monthly pass.
Is there anything cheaper than that?
If you're in school, you can get a student pass.
Well, I am how much will that cost?
The pass is free.
I don't have to pay for anything?
You'll only have to pay for the monthly sticker.
How much is the monthly sticker?
It's $ 24 for each month.
I'll take the student bus pass.
Okay, I'll get you one.

I see there are some workmen on the site. When is the building work due to start?
Well, it'll take three weeks to demolish the old building and clear away the debris. We should be ready to start the construction work in week 23.
How long will the sub contractors be on site?
About ten weeks in total if everything goes according to plan.
I'm sure it will.
So, we should be able to start moving the machinery in during week 34.
I'll confirm that date with our suppliers.

Andrew's Hair Salon, this is Andrew.
Andrew, this is Linda Chen.
Hi Linda, what can I do for you?
I need to set up an appointment to get my hair fixed.
For what day?
Tuesday morning.

Have you bought a bus pass yet?
I'm not getting one.
Why is that?
It's cheaper if I don't buy one.
Buying a bus pass will save you money. How do you figure that?
There's no limit to how often you can use your bus pass.
Really? Plus, you don't have to use change for the bus anymore.
I like that.
You want to buy one now?
I'm going to.

Are you ready to order, sir?
Yes, I would like a roast duck and my friend wants steaks.
How do you like your steaks?
I'd like it medium-well.
OK, sir, wait a minute.

Hello, I want to know how much it costs to have a manicure and pedicure.
Usually it's 60 dollars for a manicure, and 80 dollars for a pedicure. But with this special discount, the total for both is only one hundred and 20 dollars, and you can get them painted.
That's nice. I'd like to give it a try. I think I like passion red. please.
Alright.Do you want your cuticles cut, too?
No. Would you like the shapes square or round?
Square. But with round at the edges, please.
All right, it's done. Please follow me to the drying section. How long will it take to get them dry?
Ten or about five minutes. You'll be all set.
I see, thank you.

Hello, this is Lucy. May I speak to Mr. Smith?
Oh, hello, Lucy. What's up?
I'm afraid I can't come to work today, Mr. Smith.
Oh, what's wrong with you?
I've got a fever and a very sore throat.
Well, you sound ill over the phone.
Yes. I have to stay in bed today, but I'll be able to come tomorrow.
That's all right. Have a good rest until you feel well enough.
Thank you, Mr. Smith. Goodbye.
Goodbye, Lucy.

Waiter, we have been waiting for 20 minutes. Would you mind hurrying?
I am sorry, sir, the fish you ordered will take a longer time because we make it with fresh fish.
That's fine. Would you please bring me some wine?
Sure, is dry white wine OK?
Yes.
Thank you.

Hi Bob, I won't be in work tomorrow.
Why, what's the problem?
I have a dentist appointment.
Okay.

I've come about your wools. According to our market survey, wools are likely to find a ready market in our country.
Wonderful?! We can meet your requirements and the offer is ready for you. Here it is. The unit price is USD 15.00 per kilogram.
Do you quote CIF or FOB?
It's FOB Shanghai. Could you quote the price of CIF Hamburg?
Certainly, that's easy. We will work out our CIF offer this evening. Could you come again tomorrow, say, at 10 AM?
Okay, see you tomorrow?!

Hi?! Do you want a fill-up?
Yes, please. Which type of gas do you want? Regular, Super, or Premium Unleaded?
What's the price difference?
Regular is $ 1.15, Super is $ 1.25 and Premium is $ 1.39.
Just fill it up with Regular, Unleaded, please. Do you want me to check the tires and the fluids?
Yes, I would. Thanks a lot.

Is your father in the habit of having naps?
Yes, all of us have naps.
Don't you feel dizzy when you have to get up?
No, not at all.

Excuse me. I need some storybooks in easy English. Do you have anything likethat?
Well, there are a lot of storybooks upstairs in our children's section. Some are written for young children, others for teens. Maybe some of them will suit your needs.
I'll go take a look. Thanks for your help.
You're welcome.

Good morning. I need to speak with the property manager, please.
Good morning. You are speaking to the property manager.
While it was raining last night, water started leaking in from the ceiling.
Was it leaking in the bedroom?
It was in the living room.
Can you tell me which floor you are on?
We are on the bottom floor.
I would like to look at the leak. Will you be home this morning?
Yes, someone will be here to let you in.
Just in case you have to leave, we will just use the master key.

How much is your last salary?
I have earned 10,000 a year including bonuses.
How much do you want us to pay you?
I like to be paid more than that. Hopefully, 150,000 a year.
To be honest, I left the company to get more income.

I hope you can help. I've got a bit of a problem with your ATM.
Of course, that's my job. Oh, dear. What's happened?
Well, it's eaten my card?! It won't give it back?!
I see... calm down, don't worry. May I ask what were you doing when it took your card?
Yes. I was only entering my PIN. I'm terrible at remembering it, I'm so forgetful, you see.
Mmmm... and exactly how many times did you enter it, please?
Maybe three times. As I said, I always forget it.
Ah?! Don't worry ; it's just a security measure. If someone uses a card and cannot get the right PIN after three attempts, the bank keeps the card in case it's stolen. Just contact the bank and we'll get it back to you.
Oh, I see. So if I call my branch they can sort everything out for me?
Yes, they'll be happy to help. Believe me, it happens to many people.
I'd better try harder to memorise my PIN in future. Thanks.

Is this the counter to pick up parcels?
Yes, it is. I want to pick up my parcels.
Please show me your parcel order.
OK. Here you are.
Let me check your parcel number. Song Ping's parcel number should be CP 06230221 5 CN.
Here is your parcel.
Thank you.
Not at all.

Hi Brittany. What are you doing with all of your clothes on your bed?
I'm trying to decide what to wear to school the first day.
Oh, A. Mom didn't tell you?
Didn't tell me what?
What? This Bs' school you're going to is going to make your life easy.
What are you talking about brother? Spill it.
Uniforms, sis, no more worrying about appearances?!
You mean I have to wear the same thing every day?
MOM?!

What would you like for your main dish?
Steak, please.
How would you like it?
Medium rare, please.
Anything else, sir? May I have a glass of red wine, please?
Of course.

Mr. Smith, do you like the hotel we booked?
Yes, we do. We like it very much.
I've come to make sure that your stay in Beijing is a pleasant one.
Thank you so much.

David, we have been doing business for three years, haven't we?
Yes, I'm glad we've had very pleasant cooperation in the previous years.
And your achievement for promoting our clothes was great in the three years. So, I wish to apply for the sole agency of your product in our local market. If you give us the agency, that will be more substantial for our cooperation.
To be frank, you are not the only one who applies for an agent for us in your country. I'd like to know some ideas of terms on which you would be willing to operate as our agent.
As we are a well-established company, we are very familiar with the customers' needs. Besides, we can make full use of our good connections with the wholesalers and retailers here and develop a good market for your products if appointed as your agent.
Sounds reasonable. I will tell my boss about you agent application. Another question, what do you think is the minimum annual sales you can guarantee?
To be on the safe side, and for garment of all materials, sizes, and styles, I think the amount will be 50,000 pieces a year.
Well. As our sole agency, you will neither handle the same or similar products of other origins nor re-export our goods to any other area outside your own.
No, certainly not.

Excuse me. I bought this circulator here yesterday but it doesn't work.
Oh, let's see what's wrong.

Where can I find the produce?
Aisle A is where you'll find all the produce.
What sales do they have today?
I'm sure something is on sale. Please check with the produce person.

Hello, this is Steven from Blue Sky Co. May I speak to Mr. James?
Speaking.
Excuse my troubling you. You purchased our products last year and now I am following up to find out about their workings. Are they still in good condition now?
Yeah, exactly?! I bought them last year. En... at present, they are still in good state.
That's it?! All of them have first-class quality and performance. Besides, we adopt advanced technology. Now we have developed new products. They are much better than what you have bought.
Your company is developing so fast. Maybe later on I will plan to buy more.
That's great?! Thanks for your support. If any, please remember to call us.
I am afraid I have to say goodbye now?!
Bye, Mr. James?!
Bye?!

Ms.Dawson, I need you to take a dictation for me.
Yes, sir... This should go out as an intra-office memorandum to all employees by this afternoon.Are you ready?
Yes, sir.Go ahead.
Attention all staff... Effective immediately, all office communications are restricted to email correspondence and official memos.The use of Instant Message programs by employees during working hours is strictly prohibited.
Sir, does this apply to intra-office communications only? Or will it also restrict external communications?
It should apply to all communications, not only in this office between employees, but also any outside communications.
But sir, many employees use Instant Messaging to communicate with their clients.
They will just have to change their communication methods. I don't want any - one using Instant Messaging in this office.It wastes too much time?! Now, please continue with the memo.Where were we?
This applies to internal and external communications.
Yes.Any employee who persists in using Instant Messaging will first receive a warning and be placed on probation.At second offense, the employee will face termination.Any questions regarding this new policy may be directed to department heads. Is that all?
Yes.Please get this memo typed up and distributed to all employees before 4 pm.

Do you have everything?
Let's see... my ID card, my passport, and my suitcase. I'm pretty sure I've got everything.

This is Dunlin. Is this Mrs Smith speaking?
Yes, what can I do for you?
I just want to call and say thank you for letting me interview yesterday.
You are welcome, Mr. Sun.
And I also want to know what the status is of the position.
Sorry, we haven't made the decision at all. But we should be making the decision by the end of this week. And we'll get in touch with you once we make it.
Do you have any questions we didn't cover in the interview?
No. Thank you, I am looking forward to hearing from you. Bye-bye.
Thank you for the calling. Bye-bye.

I often sneeze after having a bad itch inside my nose. Sometimes this is accompanied by an itching throat.
Any other discomfort?
Yes. Sometimes I can notice a constriction in the chest and shortness of breath after a fit of sneezing. And I often suffer from a running nose with a profuse watery discharge.
Does it occur seasonally or all year round?
It has been seasonal during these past three years.
Are you sensitive to other things?
Yes, things like seafood and penicillin-type drugs.
OK. Let me examine your nose. According to your case history and the examination, I believe that it's allergic rhinitis.
What useful treatment can you offer?
I'll give you a series of specific skin tests. Then we'll know exactly what substances you're allergic to. Then I'll give you some causes of desensitization therapy.

Miss, would you like to try this free sample of our new suntan cream?
Sure, why not?
This is a new product of company this year. It's oil-free.
I see. It feels very light on the skin.
It gives your skin a very natural healthy look. I like the cool smell, too.

So how can I make it?
First you make a list of what you wanna buy...
But I’Ve gotta have the budge before anything else.
Well, that’s a problem, isn’t it?

Did you have a part-time job when you were still in school?
No, I was way too busy studying all the time. How about you?
Yeah, I worked about twenty hours a week in a pizza restaurant.
What was that like?
It was always very busy there. What did you do?
I stood behind the register and took pizza orders.
Did you get any perks on the job?
Yeah, I got to eat as much pizza as I could for free.

Okay. I'd like to change some euro into US dollars, please.
Sure. How much would you like to change?
Six hundred euro.
Very good. May I see your passport?
Here you are.
How would you like your bills?
In fifties please.

Why are you reading the classifieds? What do you need?
I'm looking for a bookcase, but I don't want to buy a new one.
Are you having any luck?
Not really. There aren't any used bookcases listed. But there are a few rummage sales on Saturday. I think I'll go to them.
Do you mind if I go with you?
Not at all. These private sales are great places to bargain. And sometimes you can find terrific things among all the junk.
I learned to negotiate from my mother. I thought I was pretty good at bargaining, but I had a problem the other day at Kimble's Department Store.
What happened?
I wanted to buy a beautiful wool sweater for my girlfriend. It was priced at forty dollars, so I started by offering the salesclerk thirty.

Do you do a lot of your shopping online?
Not really. I like looking on the internet at what’s available, but I usually prefer to actually see and touch what I’m buying before I pay for it. Sometimes, I’ll look at something in a shop, but lat No. I’m a little worried about security. You never know who’s trying to find out your codes and passwords. Aren’t you worry about that?
Not really. I know that it happens, but if you buy from reputable companies with secure websites, you should be ok.
Even though I use online shopping facilities, I don’t think it’s the best way to sho
I’m surprised to hear you say that. I thought you loved anything technological.
I do. I’m a big fan of using new technology, but I don’t want to sit in front of a computer screen all day. I think people need to get out and interact with other people. So, how about coming to the department store with me? I want to see if there are any new summer clothes on sale yet.
Sure. I’d love to join you. Can we stop by the computer store? I just want to see if they have something.
Sure. While you’re in the computer store. I will visit the book store opposite. I like to browse through their books and see if they have anything interesting.
Ok. I’Ve finished online. Let’s go.
I’ll just get some money and my credit card.
Thanks for reminding me. I had forgotten to get mine.

Please help yourself at your dishes. I hope you’ll enjoy what you’Ve got.
It suits my taste. You are really a good cook.
Would you like to try my special recipe?
Wow, let me try. It tastes nice.
How did you make it?
It’s as easy as pie. I always follow recipes.

Mr. Dick. Does the recommendation of the university play an important role?
Yes. In fact, the recommendation letter written by the university is an indirect self-recommendation. In the long period of cooperation, the university has established good relationship with the companies or organizations, they trust each other well. If your university recommends you, you can be approved more easily.
But I find that most of the recommendation letters written by universities are the same. So I doubt its authority.
More and more persons have the same discoveries since most universities do that in order to save energy. If your university also does like this, you can look for other methods, because such kinds of recommendations say nothing for you. Could you tell me whether or not I send out my resume with it?
It depends. If it has something special or useful, I suggest you send it out.

Taylor, can you tell me how to apply for a job on the Internet?
Just fill out an application. Do I have to send an E-mail?
You are expected to know the E-mail address of the unit.
But I still don't know which unit is in need of staff. Send out an application through Job-wanted on the website.
Can any unit see my information?
It's a two-way choice. And your application will be read.
Which websites offer this service?
Sina, 21st Century Talent Net, and a few others.
Thank you.

Don’t throw your weight around. I can’t bear you any more.
I dare you to say that again.

Were you a leader when you were in college?
Yes. I was Propaganda department minister of our university.
Did you get any honors or awards at your university?
No. It’s a pity about it.
Were you involved in any club activities at your university?
Yes. I was a member of the basketball Society. I like playing basketball.
What extracurricular activities did you usually take part in at your college?
I sometimes played basketball and sometimes played football.

You want to argue your ticket today?
Yes. That is why I'm here.
Tell me your argument.
I was pulled over for allegedly speeding.
Are you sure you weren't speeding?
To be honest, I really wasn't.
What speed were you going?
I was under the speed limit. I was going 35, when the speed limit was 40.
I'm just going to let you go, since the arresting officer isn't here.
What about my ticket? Do I still need to pay?
Don't worry about it.
I'm so glad for your help.

Annie, do you like shopping online?
Yes, I like it, because it's convenient. Last week, I tried to buy a new cellphone online, but I didn't know how to pay for it.
First, you should open an account at the online bank. After that, you can buy anything you want online.
Are there many things online?
Sure. You can find everything all over the world. Let's check it out online?!
( They log in a shopping website. ) That's amazing. Oh, an on line virtual supermarket? Let's click to check it out. Oh, I got it. It simulates the real supermarket, which makes it feel so real.
Mom will love it. She loves shopping in supermarkets.

Ah, Bob. Just the person I wanted to see.
So what is it?
You gotta help me out this time, buddy.
Another tough thing, I guess.

Hey?! What happened??! My song was only half way through and it skipped to the next song.
I don't know what happened?! You cancelled the song, didn't you, Jack?
No, I didn't.
Really?! Then, is the machine broken or...

Good evening, Do you have a reservation?
Yes. The reservation under Mr. Watson.
Ah, yes, a table for four at 8 Em, no, thanks. I think we'll go straight to the table, By the way. may I check my overcoat here?
Certainly, sir. We'll keep it in the cloakroom for you. Here is your number. When you leave, show it to the waiter behind the counter, please.
Thank you. Could you show us to our table now? Would you please follow me, please?
Thank you. This is your table. It's Number 10.

Hello, ma’am. Can I help you? I’m looking for a sweater.
What size are you looking for?
Well, I’m looking for size 10 but you don’t have it.
How about this one? I think it looks terrific on you.
Yes, I like the color. Can I try it on?
Sure. The fitting room is on your right.
It fits well. I like it a lot. What do you think?
You look pretty in red.
Oh, it’s my favorite. How much is it?
$ 29.99.
Okay. I’ll take it. Thank you very much for your help.
You’re welcome.

Do you have any cars available?
We have only one mid-size car left.
Great, what's the rate per day?
It's 40 $ plus tax per day on limited mileage.
I'm going to need it for three days. Can I see your driver's license?
Sure, here is my driver's license.
Please sign here.

Are you ready to order? I think that we have a pretty good idea of what we would like to order.
Let me tell you about the specials of the day, which are chicken in a wine sauce with capers, and grilled garlic shrimp.
I was wondering if the chef could leave off the sauce.
The chef would be happy to accommodate your special requests.
I am a vegetarian. Do you have any vegetarian selections?
You could choose the roasted vegetable and garlic pizza or the goat cheese and candied walnut salad.
I think that we will split the roasted vegetable and garlic pizza.
That is a good selection, and I can bring your salads now or serve them with your entree.
You can bring us our salads when you bring us our entree.

I can't open this email attachment our Paris office has sent me. Are you sure you're using the right program?
Well, yes it's definitely the same program but I might have the wrong version. Their system is newer than ours.
That's why you can't open it. You'll have to upgrade before you can read the file.

What kind of character do you think you have?
Generally speaking, l am an open-minded person.
What is your strongest trait?
Cheerfulness and friendliness.
How would your friends or colleagues describe you?
They say Mr. Sun is a friendly, sensitive, caring and determined person.
What personality do you admire?
I admire a person who is honest, flexible and easy-going.
How do you get along with others?
I get on well with others.

Hi, I need to make an appointment to see the doctor.
What seems to be the problem?
I have a rash that I need a doctor to look at.
Do you have a fever with that rash?
No, it just itches a lot.
I have openings on Tuesday or Wednesday. Which would be best for you?
I need an appointment on Tuesday.
Fine, I am putting you down for 9
I would like to see Dr. Jones.
I can schedule you with him with no problem.
We look forward to seeing you.

Wow?! What's the hold up?
It’s probably just people trying to get an early start out of the city for the weekend. Nobody sticks around in the summer.
Really? Then, I guess I won’t have a hard time finding a room or getting a cab?
Actually, you might because there’s a big convention in town this weekend.
I’m not too worried about it. I always seem to find something.

Hello, how can I help you today?
I'd like to withdraw some money from my account.
Please fill out this slip stating how much you wish to withdraw.
Well, actually, it's quite a substantial amount. Here's my Bank Book. Will that cause a problem?
On your account there is no limit to over the counter withdrawals, it won't cause a problem.
Here's your money, 10,000 RIB. Please count it before you leave.
Yes, that seems to be all in order. Thanks very much.

Quality is very important to us. We work to very low tolerance levels. We need to have guaranteed supplies of consistently high quality raw materials. Over the years we've built up very good relationships with our suppliers.
Do you have many different suppliers?
Yes. There are about fifty names on our approved supplier list, but for raw materials we tend to deal with three local companies.

Mary, can you tell me how you keep in shape?
You'll never be in shape until you eat less and take more exercise. Now, tell me what you often eat.
I often eat fish and eggs. Do you eat a lot of vegetables?
Oh yes, and fruits. I love fruits very much.
What do you like to drink?
Well, I never drink alcohol, coffee or tea. Whatever would you like to drink?
I drink a lot of milk. I drink milk almost every day. How often do you exercise?
Well, I walk every day. It's a good diet and a regular exercise.
Yes, quite right.

I am sorry, but I cannot stay for the rest of class today.
Why do you need to leave early?
I don’t feel so good. What doesn’t feel right?
I feel as if I am going to be sick to my stomach.
Perhaps you should get checked out at the Student Health Center before you go home.
I have some medicine at home that I could take.
Are you going to be OK to drive home, or would you like someone to go with you?
Thank you, but my friend is in the library, and he can give me a ride home.
We hope that you are feeling better soon. E-mail me if you have any questions.

Your boyfriend is so considerate to you. When do you plan to marry?
It’s still up in the air. There is something wrong between us.

We're considering of ordering 200 computers, but I'm wondering about the price you'll possibly offer.
Our price will be not less than $ 5000.
Your price is higher than I expected. Could you give us a little discount?
This is already our best price. But the price is always negotiable and you should consider our quantity of order.
Well, what would you suggest? Could you make it $ 4500?
I'm afraid that there is no room to negotiate the price. This is the best price we can quote.
Can we meet each other half way?
What do you mean? Let's close the deal at $ 4800, OK?
You drive a hard bargain?! OK, that's a deal.

I'm now on the Songshan airport getting ready for departure. I realized that I might have left my watch.
Yes, Ma'am. May I have your name and room number?
My name is Terry. I stayed last night in your hotel in room 132. What kind of watch is it?
It's a brand-new Seiko wrist watch.
Yes, we have it.
Oh, I'm glad to hear that. Would you kindly send it to the Hilton Hotel?

What are your thoughts on the apartment?
I think that it’s absolutely gorgeous.
There aren’t any problems with the apartment?
I think that the apartment looks very nice, but I do see some problems.
What problems?
I did notice a few stains in the carpet.
We will have the carpet cleaned before you move in.
You will?
Yes, but other than that, are there any more problems?
That was the only thing that I saw that was wrong with the apartment.
I’m happy that you find this apartment so appealing.
It is. I love it.

That China-gown of Tang-Dynasty style is so beautiful. Would you show it to me, please?
Absolutely. Here it is.
Could I try it on?
Please do, the fitting-room is over there.
It feels a little tight around the waist. Do you have a bigger one?
I'm sorry. We don't have this color in your size. We have some green ones in your size. Would you please have a look at this green one?
OK. How much does it cost?
It's 486 yuan.
Mmm, it is reasonable.

Mrs. Wang, would you give us an idea of the price you regard as workable?
As I said before, your price is so high that we find it difficult to make a bid. We hope you will take the initiative and bridge the gap.
Just to comply, we're ready to reduce the price by 5 percent. I hope this concession of ours will get the ball rolling.
So do we. Certainly it's a step forward on your side. But the gap is still too wide.
The ball is in your court, Mrs.Wang. What price would you suggest?
To make your offer workable, I think you should take another step down as big as the one you've just taken.
That won't do. You see, our profit margin is very narrow. It simply can't stand such a big cut.
I hate to disappoint you, Mr. Brown, but if that's the case, we have no alternative but to cover our requirements elsewhere.
Do think it over, please. We sincerely hope our discussion will come to a successful conclusion.
Well, I'm not authorized to agree to such a big reduction. Would you mind waiting a day or two, until I get a reply from the home office?
Not at all. Shall we meet again, say, on Friday morning?
Good. Friday morning at 9.

Good morning. Good morning.This is Mary.Can I speak to Anne please?
I’m sorry She isn’t in at the moment. She will come back at half past nineCan I take a message for her?
Thank you.But I will call her later
OK.Goodbye.
Goodbye.

Hi, Jane. How are you doing this morning?
I’m all right, thanks. Just a little tired.
Late night?
Yeah, I got home around two.

We've been waiting here for nearly ten minutes now, and there still isn't a bus in sight. I'm afraid we'll be late for the party. Have you got the time, Tom?
Yes, my watch says a quarter to seven. but there is something wrong with my watch?!
But you bought it only last month.
Yes, but ever since I bought it, it gains about five minutes a day, so I' Ve got to have it repaired.
How long will it take us to get there?
I think about ten minutes by bus.
It's not far away, then. Let's walk, it's beginning to rain.
Wait?! I think I see a bus coming now.
Let's hope it's the No. 22 bus.

Hi, Mr. Smith. I'm Doctor Hawkins. Why are you here today?
I found it would be a good idea to get a check-up.
Yes, well, you haven't had one for 5 years. You should have one every year.
I know. I figure as long as there is nothing wrong, why go see the doctor?
Well, the best way to avoid serious illnesses is to find out about them early. So try to come at least once a year for your own good.
Ok. Let me see here. Your eyes and ears look fine. Take a deep breath, please. Do you smoke, Mr. Smith?
Yes.
Smoking is the leading cause of lung cancer and heart disease, you know. You really should quit.
I've tried hundreds of times, but I just can't seem to kick the habit.
Well, we have classes and some medications that might help. I'll give you more information before you leave.
Ok, thanks doctor.

Good afternoon. Mr. Tylor's office?
I'm afraid you've got the wrong extension.
I'm sorry, but could you please transfer this call to Mr. Tylor's office?
Sure, please hold on.
Thank you. Now Mr. Tylor's on the line. Go ahead, please.
You are so kind, you helped me a lot.
You are welcome. Bye?!

Good afternoon, Lexington Software. Angelina Dawson, how can I help?
Hello, this is Quinn from IBA.
Ah, hello Quinn. Oh dear, you are calling to tell me there is a problem, aren't you?
I'm afraid so, yes.
Hmm... well, it was my first attempt?! Is it a very big mistake, or can we just alter it?
Unfortunately it's rather a big mistake.
What do you recommend we do?
I would recommend we scrap this one and you bring in another set as soon as possible.
I trust your judgement. Thank you, Quinn. I'll be back tomorrow with a new set. Bye for now.

Oh?!?!?! I have a horrible toothache.
You should go to the dentist.
I hate dentists.
Well, suffer then. If you have a toothache, you have to go to the dentist. It always hurts.
I hate going.
Stop being such a baby. If it really hurts that much, just let them knock you out.
O. K., O. K., I’ll go.
Good. You'll feel better after you do.

Hi, I would like to purchase a one way ticket to Brussels, please.
Certainly sir, this is our train schedule. We have an express train departing every morning and an overnight train that departs at nine pm.
How long does it take to get there?
About twelve hours. We currently have tickets available only for first class on the express train. If you’d like, you can choose a sleeper on the overnight train which is a bit less expensive.
Yeah, I think that is the best option. Do you serve food on the train? Twelve hours is such a long time?!
Yes, of course. There is a dining car towards the front of the train where they serve meals at all times. We do provide complimentary water and coffee for all of our passengers.
Great?! I’ll take it. Here you are sir. Your train leaves from platform number nine at nine on the dot. Remember to be here at least thirty minutes before your scheduled departure time or else you might miss your train?!
I understand. Thank you very much?! Have a great trip.

I would like to take a trip to the beach this weekend.
A trip to the beach would be fun. How is the weather going to be?
The forecast says that it will be warm on the weekend.
So do you think it'll be perfect weather for the beach?
It sounds like it will be. I really hope it doesn't get cold. That would ruin things, I want to go so badly.
The weather in California is unpredictable, so you never know.
That is true. The weather is constantly changing. It would be nice if the weather would never change.
That would be great, then we could plan things sooner. True.
Predictable weather would make life easier.

Some companies use to ban dating among employees, but now they have realized it is something in avertable. People spend so much time at work. It is not surprising for one to have a crash on the other. If we think positively, office love can be beneficial to company.
Beneficial? I don’t think so. If two employees get married, they will leave at the same time for a honeymoon, or later one of them will stay at home taking care of babies. If they break up, the company will probably have to relocate one of them to make the workplace more comfortable. By any means, the company must spare extra efforts to solve problems brought by an office dating.
But if two employees are in love, they will be happy. Happy people are more productive. If they develop an intimate relation with each other, they are willing to share knowledge and experience. It can help to improve work efficiency.
I doubt that.

Do you eat a lot of healthy food?
Compared with healthy food, unhealthy food just tastes so much better. And anyway, I believe if you live a low stress Life and are active, you can get away with eating whatever you like. It's all in the mind.
You have the point. I think cancer is caused by more worry than by the things we consume. Some good things you should try are cranberry juice, wild rice and yoghurt.
What's special about these things?
Cranberry juice is very good for destroying harmful bacteria in your guts because it's very acidic. Wild rice is high in fibre so it's good for your guts and it's high in protein and minerals-I think it's also tastier than normal rice. Yoghurt's good because it's also rich in protein, vitamins and is also acidic. People have been making yoghurt for thousands of years and if you have it every day, your guts will be much more settled.
Thanks. I'm going to follow your advice and pop down to the supermarket right now.

I've been so tired recently. I've been trying, but I don't think I'm up to this job.
You need to take a break, maybe a vacation. Oh, yes, indeed. I've run out of steam.
To be honest, I want to be in a different environment.
Is that so?
Yes, I don't want to be stuck in a rut. I want to move on.
Have you decided?
Yes. I want to get a better job.
Could you tell me why you want to quit?
I quit just because of the dissatisfying salary and the trouble in getting along with my colleagues.
Oh, that's terrible. Do you want to get a higher salary in our company?
I'm afraid not. I've promised my girlfriend. We'll travel southwards to find a job that offers higher pay.
OK, I'd like to say that I've really enjoyed working with you. However, I think you should work harder for your new job and then you can ask for higher pay.
Thank you so much for your advice. And every best wish for your new job.
Thank you.

The train is leaving. Hurry up?! Which car are we in?
Let me see. Oh, No. 11. Here we are, Car 11. Let's get in.
Seats No. 20 and 21. It’s nice that we’Ve got a window seat.
Let's put our suitcases on the rack.
Oh, the baggage rack is full. Put them under the seat for the time being.
All right.

So, how should we get to the theatre? Let's take the bus.
I hate the bus system in London?! The bus drivers are rude, the buses are never on time, and there are few people around who can help you.
It's not that bad. You probably just had a bad experience once.
It wasn't just once. Every single time I take the bus, something bad happens to me or to someone else on the bus.
We could take the subway, but we'd have to go three stops along one line and then change trains twice. Train fares are twice as expensive as the bus fare, too.
If we don't hurry up, we'll miss the show. Should we take the bus?
We're already late, so I think we had better take a taxi.
I don't think we'll be able to find a taxi very easily during hush hours. Let's just take the bus.
Fine. Have a look at the timetable to find out when the next one arrives.
It looks like it should be here in just a few minutes. don't worry. Nothing bad will happen. I'll even buy your ticket for you.
Thanks, that was nice of you.
See, now something good has happened to you on a bus trip?!

Let's go over this plan again. From Vancouver, we bike along the border all the way to Winnipeg. And that is mostly flat, right?
Relatively, once we're out of Alberta, anyway. Then it's hills again in Aitoba.
And from Winnipeg we go around the lakes through Toronto, right?
That's right. And up in to Quebec. And that's where we stop.
It doesn't sound like that much when we go over the plan but that's a long, long ride. Are you ready for the cross country of a lifetime?

Good morning, sir. What can I do for you?
I'm Bill. I'm in Room 908. Can you change the room for me? It's too noisy. My wife was woken up several times by the noise the baggage elevator made. She said it was too much for her.
I'm awfully sorry, sir. I do apologize. Room 908 is at the end of the corridor. It's possible that the noise is heard early in the morning when all is quiet.
Anyhow, I'd like to change our room.
No problem, sir. We'll manage it, but we don't have any spare room today. Could you wait till tomorrow? The American People-to-people Education Delegation will be leaving tomorrow morning. There'll be some rooms for you to choose from.
All right. I hope we'll be able to enjoy our stay in a quiet suite tomorrow evening and have a sound sleep.
Be sure. I'll make a note of that. Everything will be taken care of. And if there is anything more you need, please let us know.

It's time for bed.
I'm not ready to go to sleep. I'm not tired.
It's quite late, and you have an early day tomorrow.
I'm not going to be able to fall asleep.
Why don't you try counting sheep?
I've tried that before. It really doesn't work.
That's beside the point, you still need to go to bed.
Why can't I just stay up until I fall asleep?
If I let you do that, then you're just going to be up all night.
I promise I'll go to sleep soon.
No, you're going to sleep now, so good night.
See you in the morning.

I see myself as being honest, diligent, persevering and creative. And I have a strong sense of responsibility.
How about your psychological resilience?
I think I can work well under pressure, if necessary.
How would you deal with those who are not easy to get along with?
I will just be sincere and friendly to others, and I believe they will treat me the same way.
You seem to be a kind-hearted lady.
Thank you. I simply believe the goodness of human nature.
Please tell me your weaknesses if you can.
I should admit that sometimes I care too much about the details. I am always in pursuit of perfection.

Karen? I need to go over a few things with you.
Certainly. Mr. Graham. When would you like to meet?
I was thinking about this afternoon, after the sales meeting.
Fine. At 3:30?

I believe we' Ve met before. My name's David.
Yes, at your company, I think. I'm Frank.
Oh, I remember now.Very nice to meet you again.
Nice meeting you, too.

I made my little brother cry.
Shame on you?!

I need some mascara. Do you have good thickening mascara?
Of course. Here is our thickening mascara. We also have mascara designed to lengthen the eyelashes.
Alright. And I want to consider your eye shadow too. Do you have a color chart can look at?
We have a very wide selection of colors. And our eye shadow is specially designed to moisturize the skin. So it is very gentle on your eyelids. Would you like to sample some?
Oh, sure I will need to clean off my own eye shadow first.
I can help you with that.
Thank you.

Is this the baggage claim area for flight KB256?
Yes, we are on the same plane.
But I am a transfer passenger. I have a connecting flight to Miami.
So you have to bring your baggage to the transfer check-in area.
Yes.It' s quite troublesome. Why not go and find a porter?

Billy, you don’t look too well. Maybe you should take the day off school.
But Mom?! Today we’re playing football?! I love football?!
You’Ve got a fever and playing football isn’t a good idea for a boy with a fever.
What’s that on your arm?
I don’t know. It was there when I woke up this morning.
It’s rash. I’d better take you to see the doctor.
How did you get that bruise on your leg?
I bashed it against the chair in my room.
Does it hurt?
A little, but not much. Here. Put this wet towel on your face to keep your temperature down. I’ll take you to the doctor’s after breakfast.
If I’m better this afternoon, can I go to school?
If you are better, but I doubt you will be.

This is your schedule.
You're going out of your way for us, I believe.
You are our honored guests.

Are there any vacancies still available?
Yes. We need a plumber here.
I am looking for a job that is more advanced than that, such as sales manager or regional manager.
I am sorry. They are not available now.

My name is Mary, and I will be your waitress tonight.
Thank you, Mary. We have been looking forward to trying out this restaurant.
Before your main course, would you like to order an appetizer?
Sure, that sounds great. Where are your appetizers listed?
There is a special appetizer menu right here in the center of the table.
The chicken and cheese quesadilla looks good. Is that pretty good?
You know, that is one of my favorites?!
OK, I'll take one order of that.
You could choose another appetizer for half price to share.
Perfect?! Please add on an order of onion rings.

I am waiting for a fax but just now I found there's something wrong with the fax machine.
What's wrong with the fax machine? Is it urgent?
Yes, very urgent. And there is no other fax machine around. And the office of our boss is closed, so I can not use his machine either. And his secretary is out. Do you have any suggestion?
Either call this extension number 0085 or ask them to send the fax to you as e-mail, you print it out.

I would like to speak to you, if you don’t mind.
What would you like to speak to me about?
I would like to talk to you about this year’s election.
Is that right? I am a volunteer for this year’s campaign.
That’s wonderful. I am impressed at someone so young taking a stand. I know history is about to be made, and I would like to be a part of it.
That’s fantastic. Are you planning on voting?
I’m going to vote. Go to your polling place early on Election Day.
I will.
Good luck with your volunteering.

We hope that there will be no repetition of this kind of trouble in the future.
Yes. I promise it will not happen again.
We look forward to your settlement at an early date.
We will inform you as soon as possible.

Hello, Steven. How do you get along with your job?
Actually, I learn many things from it. I find that I am a quick learner in new things.
Practice makes perfect. By the way, what do you learn from your job?
At first I didn't know anything about the machine. Now I know how to operate it. Besides, the work gives me a sense of fulfillment and achievement.
Yeah, you are a good learner. I must commend you for your good performance.
Thank you. That's a long way to go for my job.
I appreciate your effort very much. The coffee break is over ; it's about time we set to work.
OK, let's go.

Where on earth are we?
Judging by all the traffic, I'd say we're near the outskirts of the city.
What did I do wrong? Did I take a wrong turn?
I'm not sure, but I think you turned right when you should have turned left on the flyover bridge.
Well, now we should turn back a few kilometres. It seems that the traffic sign is much more important than the map.

Hello. Front desk.
Yes. This is Bob Robinson. I’m calling from room number 627.
Hi, Bob. What can I do for you? Is it possible to change to another room?
Could you please tell me why? My room is facing the swimming pool. It’s noisy for me. I have a problem sleeping. And I feel uncomfortable when I take an elevator.
So you need a quiet side room on the lower floor.
You’re right. Okay. Let me check for a room on the first floor.
Thank you.
I’Ve only two rooms on the first floor. How about room 108?
That’s fine. Can I move now?
Sure. I’ll send the bellman to help you.
Oh, thank you kindly.
You’re welcome.

How long will it take for our order to be delivered?
Let's see. You are importing fifty containers of textiles from China. They should be able to place your order before the end of next week. It will take 2 days for shipping to the port city of Ningpo. The freight will take 3 weeks on the open ocean and will arrive in Los Angeles approximately a month from today. Domestic shipping will be your responsibility, you can make arrangements with the pier in Los Angeles.
Fine, we will handle domestic shipping, but what about customs? Will we have to pay tariff on our imports?
I hope we don't run into any problems with the border control.
No, the Chinese company has that all worked out. With the paperwork you receive with the shipment, you should be good to go.

Now you're my boss, Mr. Henry. Do you have any other particular conditions that you would like the company to take into consideration?
No, nothing in particular. You may ask questions about us, if you have any.
All right. When can I start?

What are you doing here today?
I would like to fight my ticket.
Is the arresting officer in the courtroom today?
Yes, the officer is here today. What's your case?
I was pulled over for running a red light, but I never did.
Do you believe that the officer lied?
There was a camera on the signal. So, he was obviously lying.
Your license plate was caught on camera?
A picture of my license plate was never taken.
Since there is no picture of your license plate on record, I'm going to let you go.
Thank you. I'm glad that you believe me.

Hey Joe, what are you doing in this department store?
Hi, Rita, I'm just looking for a pair of shoes. I won't be here for long.
Why not? When I go shoe shopping, I have so many options for sneakers that I spend awhile looking at all of the choices.
That's my problem. I don't have a lot of options. What do you mean?
This is a big store, isn't it?
Yes, but I have unusually big feet. That wouldn't be too much of a problem except that they're also very wide, and only a few brands sell shoes that I can fit into.
So how do you usually go about buying shoes, then?
Well, first of all, I can only go to certain stores that can guarantee me a large selection.
Well, you're in the right store. If they don't have it, no one will.
After that I choose something from one of the few brands that I know will fit me. I prefer white, so I ask them to bring me a pair of white sneakers in my size. Since I’m usually only given one or two pairs of shoes that meet my qualifications, it makes it a very easy choice.

what shall we do after the volleyball match?
how about going to the Olympic souvenir store to have a look? I remember there is one in the gym.
that's a good idea. I was thinking of buying some gifts for my family. me, too.
What did you have in mind?
I haven't decided yet, but I think the Olympic Mascots are a must.
I agree. They're very lovely, especially " Huan Huan ".
is that the red one? That is my favorite, too. Do you know how much they are?
the five dolls are sold together as a set, and they're priced according to the size. The bigger they are the more expensive.
oh, I see. If I buy more than a set, can I get any discount?
I don't think so. All the souvenirs of the Olympic Games are very hot right now.
any other ideas?
there are lots of things, such as postcards, key chains, posters and various arts and crafts.
it all sounds great. We can go there after the match. I can't wait to see what they have.

Mom?! I hate eating vegetables?!
You don’t have to eat them. I don’t mind.
Thanks mom?! Can I have dessert now? I love chocolate cake?!
No dessert for you unless you eat all your vegetables.
But I don’t like them?! It’s not fair?!
You can have some fruit for dessert. If you eat an apple and a banana, I might let you have a small piece of chocolate cake.
Ok... actually, I don’t mind eating peas and carrots, buy I hate broccoli and cauliflower.
I’ll remember that for next time. You’ll get extra peas and carrots, buy no broccoli or cauliflower. OK?
Thanks mom?!

It was very kind of you to give me a tour of the place. It gave me a good idea of your product range.
It’s a pleasure to show our factory to our customers. What’s your general impression, may I ask?
Very impressive, indeed, especially the speed of your NW Model. That’s our latest development. A product with high performance.
We put it on the market just two months ago. The machine gives you an edge over your competitors, I guess.
Certainly. No one can match us as far as speed is concerned.
Could you give me some brochures for that machine? And the price if possible.
Right. Here is our sales catalog and literature.
Thank you. I think we may be able to work together in the future.

Is the factory fully-automated?
Not completely. Our production process is partially-automated. We use robots on the production line for routine assembly jobs but some of the work is still done manually.
What about supply of parts to the production line?
Well, the parts are automatically selected from the store room using a bar-code system. And there is an automatic feeder which takes them to the conveyor belt at the start of the production line.
What about the smaller components?
They're transported to the workstations on automated vehicles - robot trucks - which run on guide rails around the factory.

I'm glad you're on your ten-year reunion planning committee.
Yeah, you get the TV to yourself while I spend my nights surfing the Net for missing classmates. That's not why. This way I can see how you guys do this sort of thing.
I guess. Don't you have reunions in Taiwan?
Definitely. Every year. But just for our forty-person class. Ours are for everyone that graduated in the same year.

What does your job involve?
I'm the Project Manager so I have to make sure our projects run smoothly. I work with three Project Engineers. They take care of after-sales service and look after the maintenance side of the business.

How many languages can you speak?
Besides Chinese, I can speak English and French. You mean you can read and write both of them?
No, I can only carry on a simple conversation in French.
Can you read and write English well?
I can speak the language better than read and write.
Do you speak the language well enough to communicate with people of English-speaking countries?
I think so. I used to be an interpreter. Do you think your English is good enough to do desk work?
The amount of English I know enables me to do general desk work. I believe what I know is sufficient to work in an American firm.

What can I get for you? Here is the menu.
Let me have a look. Well, how many kinds of steaks do you have?
We have sirloin steaks, pepper steak, and filet steak.
Is there something go with the filet steak?
Yes, we have various sauces.
What about the gravy?

Are you ready to go shopping?
Just a minute. I need to make a list of thinks that we need.
Good idea. Have you written down potatoes, carrots, and onions?
I don’t have onions on my list. I’ll add them. We should get some tea. Is green tea ok or should we get the same tea that we usually get?
Let’s get both. We need some coffee too. Is that on your list?
Yes, it is. Here’s my list. Is there anything that I’Ve forgotten?
I think you’Ve got everything. I want to got some chocolate and some cheese.
What kind of cheese do you want.
I’m not sure. I’ll decide at the cheese counter, when I can see what they have.
Have we got enough money?
We don’t have enough cash, so I’ll take my credit card and we can pay with that.
Where are the car keys?
I’Ve got them there. Shall I drive?

Hello, can you tell me how to use the telephone?
If you want to order meals, call 8801.If you need other help, call 8803 and someone will be there.
Thank you so much. By the way, is there a mail service?
Yes, you can take your letters to the counter over there.

I am afraid that the fax machine in my room won’t be working till tomorrow. A technician has just come and checked it. He will bring me a new one tomorrow. It seems there is a big problem with mine and it will take some days for repairing. Can I use the one in your office?
Of course you can. I am sure this one works very well. I just sent dozens of pages. How many pages are you sending? Are you familiar with my fax machine?
Yes, I think you have the same model as I have.
Does your fax machine print out immediately a transmission protocol?
Yes, it will print immediately.

How many years have you done business with China?
Let me see, about five years, we established our business relationship with Hua Mei of China Import & Export Corporation in 2003.
Do you have any difficulties in doing business in China? You know the Chinese economic legislation is still incomplete?
I don't think I have any problem with our Chinese partners. They have always followed the contract strictly. We can do business directly with the corporation. As I mentioned before, the Chinese government is trying very hard to perfect its law. Its commercial legislation provides legal protection for foreign companies.
Well, it's known that the Sino-American relation is in a dilemma. Does it influence your business in China?
Actually not at present. But we are afraid it will. You know policies influence business to some extent.
I hope our government will not be influenced by some extremists. China is really a large market. We don't want to lose it.
Thank you.
You're welcome.

Give me a pack of first-class stamps, please.
Here you are. That will be five dollars. Anything else?
Yes. I want some post cards and some airmail stamps. I want to send some letters to South America.
Just a moment, I'll look up the rate for air-mail letters to South America.
Can you tell me how much it will cost to send a package to Colombia? Also, I what to know how long it will take.
Do you have the package with you? I would have to weigh it to see how much it would cost. Do you insure package?
Yes. All you have to do declare the value of the package and decide how much you want to insure it for.
Is there a way that I can be sure that the people in South america receive my package?
The post office rarely loses package. You can, however, request a rectum receipt.
One last question-what are your hours?
We open at eight-thirty in the morning and close at five-thirty in the afternoon.
Thank you, you helped me a lot.

Hello, thank you for taking the time to interview me.
Hi there, I’m Bill Gotcha, the owner of Gotcha Enterprises. Did you find your way here OK?
Your assistant gave wonderful directions.
Why are you switching jobs at this point in your career?
Our Company is moving overseas and I wish to stay in the United States.
What are you best at?
I am good at organizing systems that have been having problems.
What is your biggest challenge in terms of skills?
I don’t like to sit around and so like to always find things to do to keep myself busy.
That is good to hear?!

Good morning. SRC international. How may I help you?
Good morning. I'd like to speak to Peter. Chen Please.
Certainly. Who should I say is calling?
This is Tim. Hunter from Hunter industries.
And what is it regarding please?
We have an appointment for this afternoon. Mr. Chen will know why I'm calling.
Of course, Please hold the line Mr. Hunter.

Right, let me run through your options. You can go ahead and cash your undue Large-Amount Deposit Certificate if you really want to, but I'd recommend a Personal Durable Commodities Loan.
OK, what does that entail?
It's not too much trouble to do it this way and remember, your certificate is due in 2 months. If you can hold on to it, it'll be much better for your finances.
Yes, it does seem a little silly to cash it now. I'll probably need about 25,000 RIB. Will that be a problem?
Not at all, Mr Zu. As the certificate is due in 2 months, you can get the loan on mortgage of that certificate.
I'm glad you thought of this. I'd have just gone ahead and cashed it?! And I suppose I can use the money from the certificate to pay back this Personal Durable Commodities Loan and I won't lose any interest, right?
Exactly right. If you'd like to go ahead, I can process that for you now, Mr Zu.
Absolutely, Jenny. Thanks very much, I think you've saved me quite a lot of money today.

My aunt told me one of her secrets--cellophane tape. I just got it at the special health store. It's for my flabby arms.
Let me know how it works. I have to say, I have had enough of this roller coaster.
I know what you mean. I'm like a yo-yo. Last week I was down to 60 kilos. This week I had one donut more. Now I'm up to 62 kilos.

May I have a menu, please?
Of course. Could you tell me how this thing is cooked? Lobster?
It is steamed and served with our special sauce.
Is it good?
Sure. It is a most popular dish.
I think I will try some lobster, and give me some green salad together.

Can’t you come in and have tea now, Peter?
Not yet, I must water the garden first.
Do you have to water it now?
I’m afraid I must. Look at it?! It’s terribly dry.
What a nuisance?! Last summer it was very dry, too. Don’t you remember? I had to water it every day.
Well, I’ll have tea by myself.
That was quick?! Have you finished already? Yes, Look out of the window. It’s raining.
That means you needn’t water the garden.
That was a pleasant surprise. It means I can have tea, instead.

I'm broke, and I have to catch another bus.
Why don't you have any money for another bus?
I got hungry and bought some chips.
That was smart.
Anyway, do you have any change I can use for the bus?
I don't have any.
I don't know how I'm going to get home.
Get a transfer from the bus driver.
How much is a transfer?
It doesn't cost anything.
That's great?! Thanks for your help.
You know what? Don't mention it.

Hello, Anna. Come in and sit down.
Hello, doctor.
What's the matter? I've got a backache.
Do you often suffer from backache?
No, I don't. I've never had a bad one before. When did it start?
About four days ago.
Well, go home and rest in bed for two days, then you'll feel better. Can you give me some medicine? It's very painful.
Yes, I'll give you some pills. Take one a time and three times a day, and come back in three days. If you don't feel...

Welcome on board. May I see your boarding pass?
Here you are. Your seat is three, in the third row, near the window.
Thank you. Where can I put my suitcase?
Either in the overhead compartment or underneath the seat.
Everyone's attention, please. We are going to take off. Please fasten your belts.

Hello, madam. How do you like your staying here?
Quite good. Excuse me, are there any places of interest?
Yes, there are so many near our hoteI. Three blocks away from here, there is temple. It's famous for its building and paintings. lt' s worth visiting.
Thank you. I think today we will go there.

You're here to make a deposit, is that correct?
Right. I'd like to deposit 2,000 RIB into my Current Account.
No problem. Could I have the cash and your Bank Book, please?
Oh dear... there seems to be some problems here... What? What's wrong?
I'm sorry but 5 of these notes seem to be counterfeit. Look at this watermark, do you see it?
It does look a little strange, I didn't notice that before.

Hello, sir. Is there anything I can help you find?
Um... Uh... I'm just looking, thanks.
Need a gift for your girlfriend or wife...
No, no, no. I'm just browsing. Thanks anyway.
Well, if you need anything, just ask. Um... well, where's the men's shoe department?
It's on the third floor. Turn left when you get off the escalator.
Thanks.

An idea about killing time on a train?
I advise you to read Playboy.You can get a lot from it.
But there's quite a lot of rumors about it.
That's why it's interesting.

Have you brought the receipt with you?
No, I don't. I left it home.
Sorry, but we can't do anything without the receipt. Come back with it.
I didn't know. I'll go to get it. How late will you be open?
Till 5:30.

I haven't told you what happened yet, have I?
I haven't heard anything.
My boss offered me a promotion, and I took it.
Are you serious?
Yes, I am really excited.
That's great. Congratulations?!
Thank you.
Actually, I could not believe it at first. You know, there're so many outstanding people in our company. Many of them are qualified to fill that position.
Sure, but you really did great and outperformed the others. You deserved it?!
Thank you very much.

I like Chinese food.
I like Chinese food, too. I like dumplings best. At school, we sometimes have Chinese food for lunch.
That's good. We eat Chinese food only at the Chinese restaurant.
My mother can make some Chinese food.
Really? That's wonderful?!

OK. Come back into the classroom, class.
Does the class start again, Mam?
Yes, but to the heath, this break has last long enough.
Oh, breaktime flies. come on, baby. It’s time now.
Mam, another minute, could I?
Hurry up, little boy.

What's the actual flight time from here to San Francisco?
It's about twelve hours.
Can you tell me what time we're arriving?
Sure. Let me see... at 6:15 a. m. local time.
I see. And that'll be 10:15 p. m. Beijing time.

Excuse me, but I'm not feeling too well. I think I'm going to throw up.
There's an airsickness bag behind the seat that's in front of you.
I must've missed it. Is this your first time flying?
Yes. I'm going to San Francisco.
Oh, it's a beautiful city. I think you'll like it.
Hey, I'm feeling much better already.
Sometimes if you don't think about it, that sick feeling will go away on its own.
Thanks.
By the way, my name is Mary.
I'm Frank. Nice to meet you.

Welcome to Al's Bakery. What can I get you?
Hi?! Let me get a dozen croissants, four blueberry muffins and a loaf of sourdough bread.
Sure. Would you like to have the loaf sliced?
No, that's OK. Do you have any whole wheat bread?
We are out at the moment. May I suggest some rye bread?
Sure that sounds good. Do you have any cakes?
We have various birthday cakes and also ice cream cakes.
I'll just take a cheesecake.
Will that be all?
Yes.
Your total is forty three dollars and twenty cents.
You got it.

Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, we are happy you have all come out for our training workshop. Today we have a great line-up of speakers to talk to you. First on our program is a well-renown expert in the field of international economic development, Harvard's own Dr. James Smith. Dr. Smith has been involved in economic research for over twenty years, and has taught at Harvard since 1995. And now, without further adieu, we'd like to welcome Mr. James Smith.
Thank you, Mr. Jackson, ladies and gentlemen, colleagues, friends. The subject of my talk is international relations in a morgen world. I plan to say a few words about the current situation in the Middle East and how it affects world economy. I'd like to give you an overview of the way that the economies of seemingly unrelated countries are intertwined. I've divided my talk into three parts, first an overview of international relations, second a discussion of current political situations, and lastly trends for the future. My presentation will take about two hours, but there will be a twenty-minute break in the middle. We'll stop for lunch at 12.

You're looking rather pale, why?
I couldn't sleep well recently.
You'd get plenty of sleep for you work so hard.
I always drink too much wine in the evening.
You shan't drink more wine in the evening.
Yes, you are right.
And you'd take some exercise every day.
Many thanks for your advice.

Hello Mrs Parker, how have you been?
Hello Dr Peters. Just fine thank you. Ricky and I are here for his vaccines.
Very well. Let's see, according to his vaccination record, Ricky has received his Polio, Tetanus and Hepatitis B shots. He is 14 months old, so he is due for Hepatitis A, Chickenpox and Measles shots.
What about Rubella and Mumps?
Well, I can only give him these for now, and after a couple of weeks I can administer the rest.
OK, great. Doctor, I think I also may need a Tetanus booster. Last time I got it was maybe fifteen years ago?!
We will check our records and I'll have the nurse administer and the booster as well. Now, please hold Ricky's arm tight, this may sting a little.

I’m interested in teaching at your school.
Great. Are you a qualified teacher?
Yes.
What kind of teaching certificate do you have?
I have a TEFL certificate.
How many years of experience do you have?
I have three years of teaching ESL and four years of teaching per-school children.
When did you get your TEFL certificate?
I got my TEFL certificate three years ago.
Why do you want to teach at our school?
Well, I’Ve heard many good things about it. I also like teaching young children.
That’s great. Can you speak Chinese?
Yes, just a little.
Can you come in for an interview tomorrow at 10:00?
I sure can.
Great. See you then.

Why is the car before us stopping?
What's going on? Look. Two cars are standing right in the middle of the road and the drivers are shouting rude words to each other.
That's why that car stops.
More and more people easily get irritated while driving.
Yes. This is what is called road rage.

This is today’s schedule. At 8 thirty AM, conference with the department managers. At 9 o’clock, live for the workshop where you’ll award prizes to the staff for preventatives.
That’s great. What are the prizes?
3000 RIB as bonus for each person. To encourage the staff increases.
Ok. Next thing is laying the corner-stone for the new plant at 10 AM. At 12 AM, back here for lunch. What about the afternoon? At 2 PM, give a presentation here with the press. At four o’clock sharp, have dinner with Mr. Smith, manager of NCC.

This is Lincoln Bank, Consumer Credit Department. How can I help you?
Ah, hello. I'm calling to find out how I apply for a car loan.
We offer a Personal Automobile Consumer Loan. The application process is pretty straight forward. I trust you have enough funds to cover the 20 % down payment?
Yes, I do. It's ready and waiting in my account.
The next step is for us to recommend a dealer to you, who are already contracted to us, so...
Could I just stop you there? Sorry to interrupt, but I have already been to your appointed dealer and selected the car I want.
That will certainly cut down the processing time. We can move on to the next step. Do you have the purchase price?
Yes, it's 110,000 RIB. So, with the down payment done, I will need to borrow 70,000 RIB.
What we need you to do next is to come into the branch with a correctly filled in application form, ID card, proof of residency, proof of income, the agreement from the agent and of course the 20 % down payment.
Yes, I have everything here.
OK, I'll come in and see you later today. Maybe I could have my new car as early as next week?! How exciting?!

Hi, my name is Tom.
Tom, the new sales representative? Nice to meet you?! I'm Melinda.
Nice to meet you too.Melinda. Now let me show you around. This is our reception area, and our conference room is right over there. Over here is the sales department.
Really? This is a nice office, but it's quite small.
Yeah... You can make photocopies and send faxes over there.
It looks like you guys work hard.
I tell you what just between you and me, we just mess things up so that it looks like we work hard.Just kidding.
Oh, your cubicle is over the. And this way. Those are all private offices the managers offices.
Hmm... Tell me more details about our jobs.
Sure thing.

What do you think of our price? Your price has gone up sharply, hasn't it?
Yes. We regret we cannot maintain our original price. Since the prices of the raw materials have been raised, we have to adjust the price of our products accordingly.
I agree with you there, but your price is unreasonable.
I don't think so. You must compare our price with that of other export houses. I'm sure our offer is in line with the prevailing market price level.
I don't think we'll be able to pay the price.
To have this business concluded, you need to lower your price at least by 3 %.
I’m afraid that there is no room for any reduction in price.
Don't you agree with me that in the long run, moderate prices will bring about large sales and more profit?
We've already cut down our price to cost level.
Is that all?
Yes, this is the best we can do.
I'm sorry we can't handle the price you offered.

So, Jimmy, how does it feel to have your own money?
It’s great, dad. I don’t mind delivering papers, but the real fun is collecting the money.
Even though you are only twelve, it’s not too early to start saving a little money.
I’Ve never had a bank account before. Why don’t I just keep my money under the matters like grandpa does?
You know you would spend it. And also, money in the bank earns interest.
But what if I need my money suddenly?
The bank will give you a PIN, and you can withdraw money from any ATM.
Great?! So it’s almost the same as keeping it under the matters?!
Not quite. You have to maintain a minimum balance of twenty dollars. And sometimes the bank has service charges. But you don’t have to worry about that yet. Let’s go make your first depot OK.
Guess I have to do that before. I can make money my first withdrawal.

Is this where I can catch a bus to the theater?
Yes, but you can't get there with out a change.
Which bus do I have to change?
You have to get off at the hospital and change for bus 15.
I see. Thank you.

Here we are, Joan. This is the Palace museum, also known as the Forbidden city.
Oh, how splendid?! Can you take a picture of me here?
Sure.

Excuse me. I'm afraid I got lost. Where am I on this map?
We are here, bus station, we are in the heart of the city.
Oh?! Can I go from here to the Zhongshan Park?
Head straight up the street about two blocks then turn right.

Tony, could you tell me if there are any special rules about the job?
Working hours are from 8: 30 a. m. to 5:00 p. m. Be sure not to be late or absent. Report to the manager by filling in the' Monthly Report' every month.
Is there anything else? How about my salary?
Our company has a strict and reasonable salary standard. On the 20th day of every month, you can get your salary on time. Benefits depend upon the length of service and the employee's past attendance record.
Wow, thank you for telling me these. Do you mind telling me something else, like attendance record, holiday, and how to ask for leave?
All new members are likely to ask the same questions. Haha.
I can understand that. Every month you have three days off, besides the weekends and some important holidays. After you've been here for a year, you qualify for a one-week vacation. The leave less than a half-day should predict for an hour, and more than a half-day should predict three days.
Okay, that's good. I get it.

Kate, you never believe what's happened.
What do you mean?
Masha and Hero are getting divorced.
You are kidding. What happened?
Well, I don't really know, but I heard that they are having a separation for 2 months, and filed for divorce.
That's really surprising. I always thought they are well matched.
What about the kids? Who get custody?
Masha, it seems quiet and makable, no quarrelling about who get the house and stock and then contesting the divorce with other details worked out.
That's the change from all the back stepping we usually hear about.
Well, I still can't believe it, Masha and Hero, the perfect couple.
When would they divorce be final?
Early in the New Year I guess.

Overseas operator. I would like to make a collect call to Taipei, Taiwan, please.
Your name, please.
Tim Chen.
What's the number, please.
The area code is 2, and the number is 2367-9960.
The line is connected. Please go ahead.

Hello. Excuse me.
Yes. Can I help you? Do you remember me? I just had lunch here a half hour ago.
Of course I remember you.
I think I lost my wallet here.
Oh, no. Really? I didn't see anything.
Really? You didn't find a wallet?
No, I didn't.
Would you like to go look by the table with me?
Yes, I would.
It's not here. And it's not on the floor.Has anyone sat at this table since we left?
No. It's been empty the whole time.
Hmm. I don't know how it could have happened.
I remember, sir, that your friend took the bill.You didn't pay for the lunch yourself, did you?
No. My friend did.
Then are you sure you took your wallet out of your pocket while you were here?
No, I'm not sure. But I usually take out my wallet when I sit down.It' s uncomfortable to sit on it. So I usually put it next to me on the table.
Maybe you lost it before you came here. Or maybe you left it at home.
I don't think it's at home. I think I had it when I left the house.But what should I do?
Well, the first thing you should do is make sure it's not at home.Then, if it isn't, you need to call your credit card companies and cancel your cards. Next, you need to replace whatever you lost, your driver's license, things like that.
Should I call the police?
You can if you want. But the police usually don't do anything about lost wallets.
Hmm. I'll go home and check. Maybe you're right. Maybe it's at home.
I'm sorry we couldn't find it, sir.
Thanks for your help.

Good morning, young lady. You can call me Ma. Do you see anything you like?
Yes. Many things?! I especially love this beautiful quilt.
That quilt was passed down to me from my ma in Holland.
It sounds like a special quilt. Why do you want to sell it?
Well, this home is too big for me now, so I'm moving to an apartment that is much smaller. Therefore, I need to part with a few things.
Oh, I see. Umm, how much do you want for the quilt?
Is fifteen dollars OK?

Have you got change for a thousand?
Let me see.

May I come in, Mr Sun?
I’d rather you didn’t, Miss Yang. I’m very busy now.
Can I try later then?
Yes, of course.
Is it all right for me to come in now, Mr Sun?
Well, uh... I’m still pretty busy, but... all right. Come in.
What can I do for you?
Do you mind if I sit down?
Not at all. Take a seat. Now what can I do for you?
I want to leave the department. Do you think I could put info a transfer?
Yes.
But why should you want to do that?
Do you mind if I speak frankly?
Not at all. Go ahead.
Well. You see, I don’t like the office. I don’t like the staff. And I’m afraid of you. And I don’t want to go one. So may I put info a transfer?
Yes. I’d be delighted if you did.

Where is that? Take me to the airport, please.
Are you in a hurry?
I have to be there before 17 o'clock.
We'll make it except a jam. You know it's rush hour.
There's an extra ten in it for you if you can get me there on time.
I'll do my best.
Here's twenty dollars. Do you have small bills?
No. If you can't break it, keep the change. But can you give me a receipt?
Here is your receipt.
Thank you.

Recently I have been getting headache and my eyes don't seems to see focus properly.
When did you last time have your eyes checked?
Two years ago. At that time I had no problems.Now I can’t even make out something ten meters away.
Come over here. I will test your eyes. First cover your left eye like this, and when I point, please read the chart from the top, and go as far as you can, telling me which way the “ E ” points.
All right. Good.Now the other eye. Well, this one is worse.
Never mind, just read as far as you can.
I can only read the first three lines.

Is there a car park near the supermarket?
Yes, there is an underground car park near the supermarket.
I see. Thanks.

Oh, come on, Ultraman?! What's up, Bro? What's in the bulletin?
It says that there will be a blackout from 5 p. m. to 7 p. m. in our neighborhood today.
Blackout? Even the TV has the limit. Don't you know you will look like a monster in the blackout?
Oops, no, Daddy can't watch American Idol, either?! That's not the point.
Come on, can you imagine that there will be no electricity on such a hot day? Oh, my god?! No air-conditioner?!
OK, since you are the smart one, can you come up with a better plan? So that we won't be baked like cookies here.
How about playing Barbie out there in the neighborhood?
Barbie? You know, I might be seven, but I'm not a girl.
Do you have a better plan?
All right, all right.

Yes, ma'am, how could I help you?
I am wondering if you do facial care?
Yes, we do.
How much would it be?
From 200 to 800.
I'm afraid 800 is too expensive for me. Could you recommend something around 300?
No problem.

Can I help you, Miss?
I would like to order 2 office-style cabinets and desk calendars. We want office-style cabinets in white. The catalogue number is 90-f-2356.
How soon do you want it?
Could you deliver it tomorrow?
No problem. Please handle the items carefully.
Certainly.
We will pay by collect on delivery.

I hate to do this to you, Alice, but I’m going to have to ask you to put in some more overtime.
Does it have to be this afternoon, Mr. Fairbanks? I’Ve already made plans.
Well, I would have preferred to do it today, but if you’Ve already made plans, we can do it tomorrow.
I’d appreciate that, sir. How long do you think you’ll need me to stay?

What’s your attitude when do wrong things at work?
The buck stops here.

Hello?! Is your company advertising for administrative assistant on the newspapers?
Well, Administrative assistant with shorthand and typing skills are badly needed here.
First I want to check about the availability and see if you could give me more information.
The position calls for a person with some working experience. We must be able to benefit from your analytical and interpersonal skills. Can you deliver your resume to us first?
Of course. I will deliver my resume to you in minutes' time. I hope you will consider my application and I shall appreciate a reply at your earliest convenience.
OK. I will call you soon. Bye now.
Bye.

Just as the saying goes, every potter praises his own pot. You should pay special attention to selling yourself properly in the interview. It is especially important for the graduates who step into the job market for the first time. You'd better prepare what you are going to say in advance, in order to have a good performance in the interview. The contents should be mainly descriptions of your background. And the length depends on the particular situation. Only when you are aware of what the interviewer will be interested in, can you make a targeted preparation. To sell yourself successfully, you should leave the interviewer a deep impression. Selling yourself should go straight to the point, and the statement should be clear and brief. It should also be truthful and realistic. Do not blindly blow your own horn. You should particularly state your strong points which are closely related to the position you are applying for. While you should not omit your weak points, they need to be described appropriately Time permitted, you could add certain examples to your description. Besides, in the interview, it is best that you make corresponding adjustments to apply your prepared contents flexibly.

Hello?
Hi, Deborah?! This is John. I'm calling from Australia.
What are you doing in Australia?
I'm attending a conference in Sydney this week. Remember?
Oh, right. What time is it there?
It's 10:00 P. M. And it's four o'clock in Los Angeles, right?
Yes - four o'clock in the morning.
4:00 A. M.? I'm really sorry.
That's OK. I'm awake now.

John hasn't turned up and Stefan is ill. Do we have anyone on stand-by?
I'm afraid not, we're very short-staffed at the moment.
Can you ask the shift supervisor to ask one of his team to do some overtime?
Perhaps Tommy can stand in for an hour or two until we find a replacement.

Jack, let’s go?! Oh, you are out of breath?! What happened?
Some people are wildly shooting on the next street. We must leave here as soon as possible?!
Take it easy. They will get caught.

Hello. May I speak to Jerry, please?
Sorry, but he is out for lunch right now.
I see. Can you give me some idea how long he'll be back?
I think he will be back around 2:00. If you like, please leave your name and phone number, I'll have him call you as soon as he comes back.
That's nice. My name is Steven, my phone number is 6789777.
Okay, I'll be waiting for his call. Thank you and bye?!
My pleasure, bye?!

Excuse me, Miss. What can I do for you?
I've just heard an announcement that my flight has been delayed.
What's your flight number?
Flight CA216 to Chengdu.
Yes, it's true. It has been delayed.
Could you please tell me why?
Yes, of course. The delay is due to heavy rain.
How long will the delay be? Do you have any further information about it?
I am sorry, we don't know the extent of the delay at present. But according to the latest weather forecast, there will be a change in weather soon. We have to wait.
Well, is it possible for the rain to stop before noon?
It's hard to say. Weather is so changeable in the summer. Please listen to the latest announcement about your flight.
Yes, I will. Thanks a lot. Bye?!
Bye

What are we going to do? I can't get the car out of this ditch. I'm stuck?!
I'm worried, Tom. I haven't seen any other cars for almost an hour.
I know. This is terrible. What can we do? This snow doesn't stop falling?!
I told you we should have stayed in town today.The weather report said 100 percent chance of snow.Why did you want to come up here?
I wanted to show you the cabin. We only had another half-hour to go.
Well, now we're stuck. What can we do?
I don't know. I've heard that when this happens, it's important to save energy.
What do you mean? We're stranded here, Tom. We may be here a long time.We need to conserve the gas in the car. The car's energy is what will keep us warm.
I have plenty of gas.
Yes, but the gas and the battery both have to stay working.We can't just let the car run and run.If we do, it will die soon. Then we'll freeze.
So what can we do?
Turn the lights off.Then, run the car and the heater only about fifteen minutes every hour.That will conserve the heat as long as possible.
Alright. That's a good idea. I wish we hadn't come up here. Now we'll probably be here for days.
Days?
Yes, it happens.That is what happens in big snowstorms. People get stranded for days.
Oh, my God?! It's good we have food. Probably we'll survive.But turn the car off for about forty-five minutes. Then we'll turn it on again.

Hey, buddy, can’t you see there’s a line?
Oh, sorry. I didn’t know.
What? You haven’t taken the bus before?
No, I’m afraid not.
Well, you have to wait in line like everyone else. Besides, you should let old people on first.
Sorry.
It’s all right. Where are you going?
I wanted to see the White House.
Oh, well you don’t want this bus, anyway. It goes to Georgetown.
Oh, no. It’s all right, though. Just get off at the next stop and catch the 79A.
Oh, well thank you very much.
You’re welcome.

Can I help you?
I'd like the double cheese burger meal, please.
What kind of drink would you like with that?
Just coke will be fine.
Would you like a super size meal? Only 2 RIB more, you'll get large coke and fries instead of medium. And today we are offering free toys all the meal boxes.
That sounds good, thanks, I'd like that. Actually I'd like sprite instead of coke, thanks.
That's not a problem, Miss. Will that be it?
Yes, that's all. That will be 25RMB, please
You got it.

Do you have any night tours?
Yes, we will depart in 10 minutes.
Is that a guided tour?
Yes, it is.
That's fine. Let's get on the bus.

I am sure we will make it up as soon as possible.
That's nice. We hope this matter will not affect our good relations in our future dealings.
Of course not. We have cooperated for a long time.

I would like to purchase some meat.
What kind of meat would you like to get today?
First off, I'm going to need a pound of ground beef.
A pound of ground beef is $ 2.48.
That's perfect. What else will you be needing?
I'm also going to need three pounds of chicken breasts.
The chicken breasts cost $ 4.05 per pound. What's the total price for the chicken?
It's going to be $ 12.15.
Okay, I think that will be all for me today.

I think you know already that I want to discuss the represent - ton for your alarm clocks.
Yes, Mr. Bergeron. You mentioned that in your letter.
To tell you the truth, your proposal surprised us.
Is that so?
Anyhow I want to go over the details with you in person, so you can give my suggestion thorough consideration.
Our firm specializes in this line of business. We have six sales representatives, who are on the road all the time, covering the whole of the European market.
Do you sell direct to shops?
Yes, we specialize in handling clocks and watches of all sorts. We have well established channels of distribution and we canvass the retailers direct, without any middlemen.
Do you keep a stock of these things?
In some cases, such as the wristwatches, which always have a steady market, we keep a stock in London and act as distributors as well as agents. Generally, however, we pass on the orders of our clients to the manufacturers for supply. We are paid for our service, of course.
That is, your commission.
Yes, our commission is very reasonable. We usually get a 10 % commission of the amount on every deal. Our agents in other areas usually get a 3-5 % commission. The European market is not familiar with your products. You have competitors from Japan and other continental countries. At the beginning of our campaign, there is sales resistance to overcome, we must send out salesmen to do a lot of traveling and spend a considerable amount of money on advertising in news - papers and TV programs. A 10 % commission will not leave us much.
According to your estimate, what is the maximum annual turn - over you can fulfill, in round figures, of course?
We will always do our utmost to enlarge the business, as our remuneration increases with the turnover, but we will not guar - ante anything, at least not to begin with.
We appreciate very much your intention to push the sale of our products. But our suggestion to you, Mr. Bergeron, as a preliminary step, is to do a little research into the market...
Do you mean to say you refuse us the agency?
Mr. Bergeron, you leave us no alternative. We can not give you an exclusive agency of the whole European market without having the slightest idea of your possible annual marketing turnover. Besides our price is worked out according to the costing. A 10 % commission means an increase in our price. We must have the reaction of the buyers in this respect.
Oh, that's just too bad. I intended to make great efforts in selling your products.
Well, we can still carry on our business relationship without the agreement. To start the ball rolling, we will provide you with price lists, catalogues and some samples. Only when you have a thorough knowledge of the marketing possibilities of our products, can we then discuss further details.
Ah, Mrs. Miller, but in this case am I covered?
Oh, yes. We will give you a 5 % commission on every transaction.
All right, but I'll be back again for the Autumn Fair. And then I hope we can see eye to eye about our commission and the terms of the agency.
Very good. We will discuss the matter again at the next Fair.

Excuse me, I’m sorry to trouble you. My name is Susan Ransom, and I have placed several orders with you company.
Yes, Mr. Ransom? This is Karl Miller. How may I help you?
Well, I wonder if you could track an order I placed with you last month. It hasn’t arrived yet.
Certainly, Ms. Ransom. Do you have an order number?

Have you worked out the offers. Mr. Thou?
Yes, we have. Here's our CIF quotation sheet. Please have a careful look.
Are the prices on the list firm offers?
Yes. All the quotations on the list are subject to our final confirmation.
I wonder whether there are any changes in your prices.
All these products are our best-selling lines. The prices of our products will change according to that of the international market demand. And we are always open to negotiate, especially on larger orders.
What do you have in mind?
How long does your offer remain valid?
I need some time to get my supervisors on board with this plan.
I understand. Our offer remains open for 4 days.

Hello sir, may I help you?
Yeah, I accidentally dropped my phone in the toilet.
I see. Well, you have come to the right place. We have over one hundred models of more than twenty leading mobile phone manufacturers.
Sounds good. I don’t want it to be too expensive, maybe something mid-range.
We have this new ETC smart phone.It comes with the Android OS so you can download applications. It also has a built-in camera, mp3 player and touch screen. It works on the 3G network so you have fast access to the internet wherever you are.
What about Wi-fi?
Of course?! You can access the internet from any hotspot as well as from home.
One last thing. Is it waterproof?

We have been over this a hundred times?! We are not getting a pet?!
Why not? Come on?! Just a cute little puppy or a kitty?!
Who is going to look after a dog or a cat?
I will?! I’ll feed it, bathe it and walk it every day?! We can get a Labrador or a German Shepard?!
What if we want to take a vacation? Who will we leave it with? Plus, our apartment is too small for that breed of dog.
Ok. How about we get a cat or a ferret?
We’re planning on having children soon, I don’t think those animals are a good idea with a baby in the house.
Fine?! Let’s get a bird then?! We can keep it in its cage and teach it to talk?! A parrot would be awesome?!
I’ll tell you what, I can get you some hamsters and we’ll take it from there.
Yay?!

Good evening, Mr. Lee and thank you for choosing our airline. We have just discovered that this flight is overbooked. Would you like to volunteer to give up your seat?
Overbooked? Give up my seat? I don’t understand.
From time to time we have a situation in which there are more passengers than there are seats on the aircraft. That’s overbooked.
I know what overbooked is, I just don’t understand how that could happen?
Actually it’s a common practice to overbook, as passengers often don’t take their flight as scheduled. Most of the time there is no problem but today, more passengers arrived than we have seats,
So who has to stay behind?
Well, first we ask for volunteers. If someone like yourself volunteers, they receive a free round trip ticket to be used within one year. If no one volunteers we just have to select someone.
Ok. I’ll volunteer. I could use a free ticket?!

I want to rent this apartment.
I’m glad to hear that. How much are you asking?
You will have to pay $ 1050 every month.
I can’t afford that. What can you afford?
I was thinking $ 800 a month.
I’ll need you to pay more than that. How much more?
How does $ 900 every month sound to you?
I can live with that. We have a deal then.

Good morning, Miss Monica. Nice to meet you again?!
Good morning, Mr. Thomas, it is nice to see you too. After the internal discussion, we have all agreed that you are the most suitable person for this position among all the candidates. So, today let’s talk about your expected salary and social benefits. What is your expected salary?
I’Ve worked in the field for more than 4 years. Depend on my work qualifications and experience, I would like to have 5000 Yuan to start.
The basic salary for your position in our company would be 4800 Yuan to start with increases giving according to your performance.
It is a bit lower than I expected. But I can accept that.
What are the working hours?
40 hours a week, Monday to Friday, 9 AM to 5 PM with one hour lunch break every day..
Do I have to work on weekend? If so, how do you pay for the overtime?
We do expect overtime work when it is necessary, but we pay twice of the work hour for working on weekends and three times for working on national holidays like Spring Festival and the Mid-Autumn Day.
Is there probation?
No probation is involved. If you feel good, you can start next week.

Welcome to the McDonald's. What will it be for you, madam?
One Big Mac and French Fries.
Is there anything else?
Give me one coke, please.
Is this to go or to eat here?
To go, please.
That comes to four dollars and ten cents.
And can I have some ketchup, please?
It's on the service counter over there. Please go to help yourself.

What's the name of this street?
University Street.
Do you know of any banks near here?
You'll see one at the corner on your right.

Hey there, you look a little lost. Are you new here?
Yeah how’d you know?
You can always spot the newbies. I can give you a few pointers if you want. Were you trying to use this machine here?
Yeah?! I just started my training today and I’m not really sure where to begin.
It’s ok, I know how it is. This machine here will work out your upper body, mainly your triceps and biceps. Are you looking to develop strength or muscle tone and definition?
Well, I don’t want to be ripped like you?! I just want a good physique with weights and Carpio.
In that case you want to work with less weight. You can start off by working ten to fifteen reps in four sets. Five kilo weights should be enough. Now it’s very important that you stretch before pumping iron or you might pull a muscle.
Got it?!
Wow is that the weight you are lifting? My goodness that’s a lot of weight?!
It’s not that much. Just watch... I’m ok...

Excuse me.Could you tell me how to return to the Hilton Hotel? I am afraid I lost my way.
Do you have a hotel card or something? Let's see.Yes, I have the address and telephone number here.
Oh, you're staying at the downtown Hilton.Then, you go down two blocks this way and turn left.You' ll find it on the right.
Well, I don't understand it very well.Will you draw me a map?

Excuse me, but could you tell me the way to the railway station?
The railway station? Just go down this street and turn left at the second corner. The station is at the end of that street.
How long will it take me to get there?
It's about a ten-minute walk.
That's very clear. I think I can find my way now. Thank you.
Not at all.

How does the political system work in your country?
We have hundreds of constituencies and the voters in each one elect a member of parliament. Most people call them mp’s.
Each mp belongs to a political party, right?
Almost all of them do. A few are independent. That means that they do not belong to a party.
If one party more than half of the mp’s. they form a government. That means that they choose a prime Finist
What’s a cabinet?
This is a small group of people-perhaps 25 mp’s who are usually ministers. They make all the big decision and discuss laws and policy.
Can any mp make a law?
Any mp can present a law to parliament. The proposed law is debated and voted on. If it is accepted, it becomes law.
I suppose a proposed a law needs the support of the big political parties.
Yes, it does, because they have most of the mp’s. most mp’s vote the way their party wants them to.
How do people choose which party or candidate to vote for?
They produce manifesto. These documents which states their policies. Some people just vote for the same party every time there is an election. Voters who often change the party they vote for are Calle

How was your interview?
Pretty good. The HR manager asked me the usual questions. Then he wondered why I had decided to leave my previous job.
What did you say?
I told him that I hadn’t got a raise for three years. I also told him that one of my best co-workers quitted her job because she had not been promoted for eight years.
Did he want to know the reasons?
Yes. I told him that my boss made some excuses of the recession. But I thought he had a pattern and a record of promoting men only. That’s sex discrimination.
When will you get the reply?
In a couple of days, I was told.
Wish you good luck?!
Thank you.

What qualities do you think a senior executive should possess?
Generally speaking, he needs creativity, the ability to communicate, sense of personal responsibilities, the ability to solve problems and so on.
Do you have all these qualities?
Yes, I have all of them. I am totally competent to be a senior executive.

Hi. I need more amenities, please.
Could you be a little more specific, sir?
Well, to be more specific, the free stuff, like soap, lotion, and shampoo.
I understand. Now, you're saying that you've already used up all your amenities?
Oh, no?! I've got all I need for my stay here.
So, what's the problem?
I need souvenirs?!
You want some souvenirs?!
Yes, yes. Souvenirs.
But, sir, our souvenir shop carries all those items.
That's not the same thing. If you buy hotel souvenirs, they have no sentimental value.
I understand, sir. I'll call housekeeping. You'll have your souvenirs shortly.

Hello, may I help you?
Yes.We' re interested in seeing the rooms for rent.
Oh, how nice.They' re bright rooms and the house is very quiet.
A nice quiet house is exactly what we're looking for.
Well, gentleman.Each room is $ 40 a week if you think that's OK.
That sounds just wonderful to us. When do you want to move in?
How about this afternoon?
Fine. I'll be expecting you around two.

Are you ready to order? May I suggest a veal?
No, I'll have the fish please.
The chicken is also nice.
No, I want the fish.
Our special tonight is lobster.
Thank you, but I prefer the fish.
Perhaps you'd enjoy the lamb.
No, I like the fish.
What ever you say?

Am I ever hungry? When will supper be ready?
It's almost ready. Can you set the table?
All right. Want to taste this dish?
Yeah. Oh, it's delicious?! Really?
Definitely. It's a wonderful meal.
Thank you, Honey. If you like to help me do the dishes, I'll be more dreadful.
I wish I could, but I won't.

Good morning, Kate. Long time no see.
Good morning, Vera, Nice to meet you.
Kate, I know you’Ve been a stewardess for more than one year. And I’ll have an interview on stewardess tomorrow. Can you tell me some etiquette about the interview?
Of course. First you should do up your long hair and do make up but not too thick.
Is there anything else I should pay attention to?
Yes, when you attend the interview, you should pay attention to your manner, style of conversation and expression. You should keep smiling always, being polite when you talk with the interviewer. Don't move from time to time when you sit there. And you also should know how to use eye contact.
Thank you, I've learned so much from you.
That’s all right. Hope you can do better tomorrow.

Can you fix me a cup of tea, Johnny?
Well... uh... how about a glass of juice instead?
No. I'd like tea. Can you put it in my favorite cup? You probably washed it...
Oh, yeah. Well, uh, about your mug... I'll find it...
Where are all the floral pattern plates? And dad's Yankee's mug?

Good morning, sir. May I help you?
Yes, I'd like to settle my bill.
Certainly sir. May I have your room key, please?
Sure. Here you are.
Just a moment, please. I'll draw up your bill for you... Thank you for waiting, sir. Your bill totals two thousand six hundred and fifty-eight yuan, including the phone and laundry.
That much?! Would you mind letting me have a look at it?
Not at all, sir. Here you are.
Thanks. Well, It seems to be right. How much is that in dollars, please?
Just a moment, sir. I'll calculate that for you. It comes to 305 dollars and 52 cents at today's exchange rate.
I see. OK. How would you like to make the payment?
In cash, please.
Here you are.
Thank you, sir... Here is your change. Could you check it, please? Thank you for choosing our hotel. I hope you enjoyed your stay.
By the way, please forward my mail to this address.
Certainly, sir. We hope you have a good trip.

Hi, Sam. I want to buy a pet. Do you have any ideas?
You really should go to Rachel's pet store.
why? anything special there?
it's more than special. You can find as many kinds of animals as you can put a name to and more.
Oh, really? are there any snakes?
snakes? there are even rodents and monkeys?! it's a world of exotic pets.
that's terrific. I can't wait to check it out.
Hang on. are you sure you want to keep a non-traditional pet?
why not? it's so cool.
but it will pose a risk to your health.
pardon?
i mean, most reptiles carry some harmful bacteria. they are likely to cause immune system problems.
well, I didn't realize that. I don't believe it's a good choice to keep those pets, especially for families with young children.
oh, I should have thought of my brother's baby girl. Maybe I'll just have a dog instead of an exotic pet.
yes, good luck, Maria.

I’m a new student. My name’s Robert. Nice to meet you.
My name’s Sophie. Are you French?
Yes, I’m. Are you French, too?
No, I’m not. What nationality are you?
I’m Italian. Are you a teacher?
No, I’m not. What’s your job?
I’m a keyboard operator. What’s your job?
I’m an engineer.

I can’t believe Obama is our President.
I am proud to know that he is our President.
You voted for him, right?
Did you vote for him, because I know that I did.
I did, too. I have nothing but faith in Obama.
Really? I’m sure he will help better America.
We do need some change in this country.
Our country is already changing as it is.
You’re absolutely right. I trust that he will take good care of our country.

Do you have a reservation, sir?
No, I’m afraid we don’t.
I’m sorry the restaurant is full now. You have to wait for about half an hour. Would you like to have a drink at the lounge until there’s a table available.
No, thanks, I’ll come back later. May I reserve a table for two?
Yes, of course. May I have your name, sir?
Bruce
By the way, can we have a table by the window?
we’ll try to arrange it, but I can’t guarantee sir.
That’s fine.
your table's ready, sir? Please step this way.

Do you have coffee shops in China, too?
Yes, of course. There are many tea houses and bars in China, too. People can drink, eat and relax at these places.
You like to go to these places, don’t you?
Yes, sometimes the music there is so beautiful. It is very romantic. I can stay there for hours.
Do you often go there alone?
No, I often go there with my friends.

Hi there?! I am looking for a new car. I have this old Ford Pinto that I would like to trade in.
I see. You are in luck this month because all of our models are on sale?! it is a perfect time to buy a new car since it’s the end of the year.
Perfect?!
I like this one.
That is the Ford Focus. A very light but powerful vehicle. It comes with dual side airbags, power steering and power windows, tinted windows and your choice of either automatic or manual transmission.
Sounds like a good car?! How many miles to the gallon?
It is a very fuel efficient vehicle giving you about 34 miles in the city and 40 on the highway.
That is really convenient. Especially now that fuel prices are so high?!
What’s under the hood?
A very powerful 2.5- liter turbocharged engine, Trust me, this car is fast?!
Now for the most difficult question. What is the price tag for this lovely vehicle?
Very affordable mam. You can take it out of this lot today with 0 % down payment and no interest for the first year?! You can test drive it now and we can sign the papers when we get back.
Great?! Let’s do it?!

I wonder if you could help me, I'm looking for a room.
Well, I have got a vacancy.
What sort of price are you asking?
Eight dolls fifty a week excluding laundry.
Would it be convenient to see the room?
Can you call back later? We're right in the middle of lunch.

Could you give me an expense report? I would like to attach the invoices for my phone bill this season.
Here you are. Do you need glue?
That is very kind of you. I’m just running out of glue.
You’re welcome.

IBA, Jane speaking. How can I help you?
Hello. I'd like to speak to someone regarding my card.
Sorry, I'm not quite sure if I understand. In what way, Sir? Has your card been stolen?
No, no. Nothing at all like that. It's just that I applied for a credit card with you a while ago, my application was accepted, but I'm still waiting for my card.
Oh, I see, Sir. Well, it does take 5 working days to issue and post the card.
Yes, my application was accepted last Friday. Now it's Wednesday, that's more than 5 days.
Sorry, Sir, but it's 5 working days. This does not include weekends, so your card should be with you later this week.
Of course?! How silly of me?! Yes, 5 working days would mean this Friday, at the earliest.
I see. I'm sorry to trouble you.
It's no trouble at all, Sir. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nothing, thanks. I again apologise for the misunderstanding, bye for now.

What can I do for you, sir?
We'd like to order breakfast for tomorrow morning.
Yes, sir. What would you like?
Orange juice, scrambled eggs, bacon, toast and coffee.
OK, and when shall I bring it here?
About seven thirty.By the way, could you also bring me tomorrow's papers?
Of course, sir.

What shall we do when we find a shortage in the shipment?
You should do one of the two things - either to lodge a claim with the shipowner or with the insurance company.
Shall we leave it to the brokers?
Yes. They usually do it. Do they charge for that?
Of course. In Europe, they charge a commission of 1 % of the amount of the claim for their service.
Is it the same in America?
They do the work without charge to the importer. It's part of their service, isn't it?
Exactly. Is it enough to claim with an on board bill of lading?
No, you must also obtain a statement from the shipping agent certifying that the goods were actually loaded on their vessel for shipment.
I see. By the way, how do we prove the ownership of our goods?
You must provide full original set of ocean bills of lading original insurance policy or certificate and the original commercia invoice.
I see. Thank you.
You are welcome.

I'll be on business for a couple of days, could you take care of your sister?
OK, Mum, when will you be back?
I'll be back in ten days.

Passport, please, madam.
Just a minute, please. It's in my bag. Here it is.
Thank you. Please fill out the Baggage Declaration Form.
All right. Shall I enter all my belongings?
No, only the articles listed on the Declaration.

I’m hungry, let’s go grab a bite to eat.
Yeah me too.
Oh?! Can we stop at the shop really fast? I lost my makeup bag at the airport and I want to pick up a few things.
Will you take long?
No?! Five minutes I promise?!
Come on?! We have been here for almost an hour?! I thought you said you were only going to get a few things?! How long does it take you to pick out a lipstick and some nail polish?!
Are you crazy? You have no idea what you are talking about?! Just for my eyes I have to get eye-liner, an eyelash curler, eye shadow, an eyebrow pencil and mascara. Then I need to get foundation, liquid foundation.
Whoa whoa whoa?! Are you nuts? How much is all this going to cost? I’m looking at the price at each one of these little things and it’s outrageous?! This is basically a crayon?!
What about you? You spend as much or more money on your razors, after shave, cologne and gel?! Not to mention how much you spend on clothes and...
Fine?! Get the stupid thirty dollar crayon?!

Can I borrow five bucks?
No?!
Come on?! I'll pay you back on Tuesday.
Last time I lent you money, you never paid me back.
I promise if you lend me five dollars today, I will repay you in full next week.
Ok, but I'm taking your skateboard as collateral.
Fine?! I can't believe you don't trust me.
It's nothing personal, just business.

May I help you, sir?
Yes, please. I'm looking for a cotton polo shirt.
Any particular colour?
Not really. How about this one?
I like the design, but don't particularly care for the colour. Do you have that in other colours, too?
Well, they come in white, pale yellow, aqua, red and green. Will a white one do?
Yes. I prefer white - and may I see a pale yellow one, too?
Why, of course. Let's see... White... Pale yellow. Here you are, sir.

I’m so surprised to meet you in this remote village. Long time no see.
Yeah. How are you these days?

You look terrific and in good shape.
Thank you. How do you keep fit?
I do yoga twice a weeks
Yoga? It sounds interesting.
It was hard at the beginning, but now feel it's really relaxing. It makes me flexible.
Anything else?
Yes, I often go swimming. Are you interested in swimming?
Yes, I like it very much.

Are you going home now?
No, I'm not. What are you going to do? Are you going to work late?
No, I'm not. I'm going to look for an apartment.
An apartment? Why?
I'm going to try to find a place near the office.
Where are you living now?
Out in the suburbs. It's a long trip to work every day.
How are you going to find an apartment?
I'm going to buy a newspaper and check the classified ads.
Apartments in the city are expensive.
I know, but I'm going to enroll in a night school to take a course in business management.

no, no, you helped me with my computer last week. I want to repay the favor.
no, it's definitely my turn to treat you... you paid last time?!
oh, that was just a quick bite to eat---that doesn't count?!
ok, ok, how about we just go Dutch?
It's settled.
Listen, I'm still pretty new around here, would it be alright if you found the restaurant?
ok... sure.

I am waiting for a fax but just now I found there’s something wrong with the fax machine.
What’s wrong with the fax machine? Is it urgent?
Yes, very urgent. And there is no other fax machine around. And the office of our boss is closed, so I can not use his machine either. And his secretary is out. Do you have any suggestion?
Either call this extension number 0085 or ask them to send the fax to you as e-mail, you print it out.

Hey, Jim. It's time to wake up and get out of bed.
Do I have to get up now?
You'd better get up, or you'll be late.
What're you talking about? My alarm even hasn't gone off yet.
Yes, it did. It went off thirty minutes ago. You slept right through it. You're like a dead person while you sleep.
I must have slept right through it.
Rise and shine?! Sleepyhead?!
Just let me sleep five more minutes.
The early bird gets the worm.
I know, I know. But I don't want any worms. Ha?! Ha?!
If you don't make an effort now, later on it'll be a lot tougher for you.

What shall we do tonight?
How about the cinema?
That's a good idea. We haven't seen a film for ages. What would you like to see?
Oh I don't know. Titanic?
Titanic? That old film? but I've seen it before?!

I’Ve been told you might have a vacant room.
Yes. I have a spare room.
How much are you asking?
10.00 dollars a night.
Could I see the room, please?
Sure.Come on in.

Sit down, please. What's wrong with you?
I feel cold, and I'm shivering. I have a terrible headache and a sore throat.
How long have you been like that?
About a day.
Let me have a look at your throat first. Please open your mouth and say " ah ".
Ah... And show me your tongue... Thank you. That'll do. You have slight tonsillitis, and your throat is inflamed. How is your appetite?
Not so good. Now, let me take your temperature. Please put this thermometer under your armpit and let me feel your pulse? Your pulse is weak.
Do I have a temperature, doctor?
Yes, you have a high fever. I'd like to give you a blood test.

Yikes?! What was that noise?
I had to blow my nose.
Did you have to blow right next to the phone? Did you hear that?
Of course I heard that. I thought a plane had crashed into your house.
It wasn't that loud.
I will blow my nose sometime for you, and you'll see.
Okay. I'll take your word for it. I thought you had an elephant in your house.
You're funny.
What did you say? I think I've gone deaf.
I'm going into the bathroom to blow my nose. I'll be right back.

Can I have the check please?
Right away, sir.
Is this amount correct?
Yes, sir, it is.
Thank you, the service was good
Please come again.

Nowadays fewer and fewer people go to the movie theaters to see films. So I am afraid that the film studios are really getting hard time to survive.
What you said is true. But the film producers there are more flexible ways to get more audience. For example, to make more movie Ccds, so people will spend money buying them. But it is true that cinemas are losing the attraction they used to have in the past.
Yes. Take myself for example. I seldom go to cinemas, but it doesn't mean I no longer see films ; instead, I see films at home-watching Ccds.

Okay, well I’m sure you have a number of questions to ask me regarding the position.
Yes, well Miss Childs did give mean overview of the position over the phone, but there were some details I’d like to clarify.
Well feel free to ask me anything, and I’ll try to fill in the details. Could I first ask about the remuneration package?
Yes, of course. That’s quite an important point, isn’t it? As a junior sub editor we offer a starting salary of 150,000 HK dollars per annum. This doesn’t include a generous housing allowance also.
I understand. And are there other bonuses included?
Well, apart from full health insurance we do offer a company staff bonus scheme linked to readership numbers. But we could go through all the details of that at a later date.
Well, Mr. Parsons, I am flexible when it comes to salary. The opportunity to work in Hong Kong for you is the most important thing for me.
Excellent. Well, what other questions do you have Rebecca?

We need to take the accounts system offline to carry out the upgrade. But don't worry, it won't cause too much inconvenience. We're going to do it over the weekend.
How long will the system be down for?
We'll be taking everything offline in about two hours' time. It'll be down for a minimum of twelve hours. If everything goes according to plan, it should be up again by 6 pm on Saturday.
That's fine. We've allowed forty-eight hours to be on the safe side.

Welcome to IBA. Can I help you?
Yes, please. I'm here for an International Settlement. Our company has to effect payment, and it needs to be done today. Here's the advice slip for the payment.
Thanks. I'm sorry to say that you need to get this stamped. There is no stamp on this slip and it is essential before I can process it for you.
I see. So, I need to stamp it. And sign it too?
Yes, that's right. Down here, at the bottom right hand corner to show that you agree to pay the printed amount.
I'll go back to the office and get it sorted and pop back later.
Thanks, bye for now.

That's the warehouse where the large items of office equipment are stored. If I ordered a desk today, how would it be before I got delivery in Scotland?
Well, I think perhaps you'd better speak to our Production Manager, Mr. Yao. You'll meet him when we go over to the factory.

Excuse me. I have just missed the connection plane due to the heavy fog in London. Can I change my ticket now?
Please Show your ticket and passport.
Here you are.
Which flight do you want to change?
The next one to my destination. I have to be there as soon as possible.

Hi, can I speak with the apartment manager, please?
Hello, this is the apartment manager speaking.
I'm calling about the apartment for rent on Main Street.
Would you be interested in seeing the apartment?
I would love to see it.
Are you free today at around 6 p. m.?
Yes, I will be able to make it then.
Well, I'll see you at 6 p. m. Do you know how to get there?
I used to live in that area.
I'll give you an application form when I see you.
That sounds good. Do I need to bring anything?
No. Just bring yourself.

Good afternoon. Welcome to China. May I see your passport, customs and health declaration form?
Yes, here you are.
Thank you. W hat's your occupation, Mr. Smith?
I'm the general manager of the Far-East Industry Corporation. You are here on business, aren't you?
Yes, I have been invited by the East Import
I see. Do you have anything to declare?
Yes, I have some foreign currency to declare.
Would you please fill out this currency declaration form? It's a record of the foreign currency you have brought in.
All right.

How much does it cost for a bus pass?
It'll be $ 65 for a monthly pass.
Is there anything cheaper than that?
If you're in school, you can get a student pass.
Well, I am how much will that cost?
The pass is free.
I don't have to pay for anything?
You'll only have to pay for the monthly sticker.
How much is the monthly sticker?
It's $ 24 for each month.
I'll take the student bus pass.
Okay, I'll get you one.

I see there are some workmen on the site. When is the building work due to start?
Well, it'll take three weeks to demolish the old building and clear away the debris. We should be ready to start the construction work in week 23.
How long will the sub contractors be on site?
About ten weeks in total if everything goes according to plan.
I'm sure it will.
So, we should be able to start moving the machinery in during week 34.
I'll confirm that date with our suppliers.

Andrew's Hair Salon, this is Andrew.
Andrew, this is Linda Chen.
Hi Linda, what can I do for you?
I need to set up an appointment to get my hair fixed.
For what day?
Tuesday morning.

Have you bought a bus pass yet?
I'm not getting one.
Why is that?
It's cheaper if I don't buy one.
Buying a bus pass will save you money. How do you figure that?
There's no limit to how often you can use your bus pass.
Really? Plus, you don't have to use change for the bus anymore.
I like that.
You want to buy one now?
I'm going to.

Are you ready to order, sir?
Yes, I would like a roast duck and my friend wants steaks.
How do you like your steaks?
I'd like it medium-well.
OK, sir, wait a minute.

Hello, I want to know how much it costs to have a manicure and pedicure.
Usually it's 60 dollars for a manicure, and 80 dollars for a pedicure. But with this special discount, the total for both is only one hundred and 20 dollars, and you can get them painted.
That's nice. I'd like to give it a try. I think I like passion red. please.
Alright.Do you want your cuticles cut, too?
No. Would you like the shapes square or round?
Square. But with round at the edges, please.
All right, it's done. Please follow me to the drying section. How long will it take to get them dry?
Ten or about five minutes. You'll be all set.
I see, thank you.

Hello, this is Lucy. May I speak to Mr. Smith?
Oh, hello, Lucy. What's up?
I'm afraid I can't come to work today, Mr. Smith.
Oh, what's wrong with you?
I've got a fever and a very sore throat.
Well, you sound ill over the phone.
Yes. I have to stay in bed today, but I'll be able to come tomorrow.
That's all right. Have a good rest until you feel well enough.
Thank you, Mr. Smith. Goodbye.
Goodbye, Lucy.

Waiter, we have been waiting for 20 minutes. Would you mind hurrying?
I am sorry, sir, the fish you ordered will take a longer time because we make it with fresh fish.
That's fine. Would you please bring me some wine?
Sure, is dry white wine OK?
Yes.
Thank you.

Hi Bob, I won't be in work tomorrow.
Why, what's the problem?
I have a dentist appointment.
Okay.

I've come about your wools. According to our market survey, wools are likely to find a ready market in our country.
Wonderful?! We can meet your requirements and the offer is ready for you. Here it is. The unit price is USD 15.00 per kilogram.
Do you quote CIF or FOB?
It's FOB Shanghai. Could you quote the price of CIF Hamburg?
Certainly, that's easy. We will work out our CIF offer this evening. Could you come again tomorrow, say, at 10 AM?
Okay, see you tomorrow?!

Hi?! Do you want a fill-up?
Yes, please. Which type of gas do you want? Regular, Super, or Premium Unleaded?
What's the price difference?
Regular is $ 1.15, Super is $ 1.25 and Premium is $ 1.39.
Just fill it up with Regular, Unleaded, please. Do you want me to check the tires and the fluids?
Yes, I would. Thanks a lot.

Is your father in the habit of having naps?
Yes, all of us have naps.
Don't you feel dizzy when you have to get up?
No, not at all.

Excuse me. I need some storybooks in easy English. Do you have anything likethat?
Well, there are a lot of storybooks upstairs in our children's section. Some are written for young children, others for teens. Maybe some of them will suit your needs.
I'll go take a look. Thanks for your help.
You're welcome.

Good morning. I need to speak with the property manager, please.
Good morning. You are speaking to the property manager.
While it was raining last night, water started leaking in from the ceiling.
Was it leaking in the bedroom?
It was in the living room.
Can you tell me which floor you are on?
We are on the bottom floor.
I would like to look at the leak. Will you be home this morning?
Yes, someone will be here to let you in.
Just in case you have to leave, we will just use the master key.

How much is your last salary?
I have earned 10,000 a year including bonuses.
How much do you want us to pay you?
I like to be paid more than that. Hopefully, 150,000 a year.
To be honest, I left the company to get more income.

I hope you can help. I've got a bit of a problem with your ATM.
Of course, that's my job. Oh, dear. What's happened?
Well, it's eaten my card?! It won't give it back?!
I see... calm down, don't worry. May I ask what were you doing when it took your card?
Yes. I was only entering my PIN. I'm terrible at remembering it, I'm so forgetful, you see.
Mmmm... and exactly how many times did you enter it, please?
Maybe three times. As I said, I always forget it.
Ah?! Don't worry ; it's just a security measure. If someone uses a card and cannot get the right PIN after three attempts, the bank keeps the card in case it's stolen. Just contact the bank and we'll get it back to you.
Oh, I see. So if I call my branch they can sort everything out for me?
Yes, they'll be happy to help. Believe me, it happens to many people.
I'd better try harder to memorise my PIN in future. Thanks.

Is this the counter to pick up parcels?
Yes, it is. I want to pick up my parcels.
Please show me your parcel order.
OK. Here you are.
Let me check your parcel number. Song Ping's parcel number should be CP 06230221 5 CN.
Here is your parcel.
Thank you.
Not at all.

Hi Brittany. What are you doing with all of your clothes on your bed?
I'm trying to decide what to wear to school the first day.
Oh, A. Mom didn't tell you?
Didn't tell me what?
What? This Bs' school you're going to is going to make your life easy.
What are you talking about brother? Spill it.
Uniforms, sis, no more worrying about appearances?!
You mean I have to wear the same thing every day?
MOM?!

What would you like for your main dish?
Steak, please.
How would you like it?
Medium rare, please.
Anything else, sir? May I have a glass of red wine, please?
Of course.

Mr. Smith, do you like the hotel we booked?
Yes, we do. We like it very much.
I've come to make sure that your stay in Beijing is a pleasant one.
Thank you so much.

David, we have been doing business for three years, haven't we?
Yes, I'm glad we've had very pleasant cooperation in the previous years.
And your achievement for promoting our clothes was great in the three years. So, I wish to apply for the sole agency of your product in our local market. If you give us the agency, that will be more substantial for our cooperation.
To be frank, you are not the only one who applies for an agent for us in your country. I'd like to know some ideas of terms on which you would be willing to operate as our agent.
As we are a well-established company, we are very familiar with the customers' needs. Besides, we can make full use of our good connections with the wholesalers and retailers here and develop a good market for your products if appointed as your agent.
Sounds reasonable. I will tell my boss about you agent application. Another question, what do you think is the minimum annual sales you can guarantee?
To be on the safe side, and for garment of all materials, sizes, and styles, I think the amount will be 50,000 pieces a year.
Well. As our sole agency, you will neither handle the same or similar products of other origins nor re-export our goods to any other area outside your own.
No, certainly not.

Excuse me. I bought this circulator here yesterday but it doesn't work.
Oh, let's see what's wrong.

Where can I find the produce?
Aisle A is where you'll find all the produce.
What sales do they have today?
I'm sure something is on sale. Please check with the produce person.

Hello, this is Steven from Blue Sky Co. May I speak to Mr. James?
Speaking.
Excuse my troubling you. You purchased our products last year and now I am following up to find out about their workings. Are they still in good condition now?
Yeah, exactly?! I bought them last year. En... at present, they are still in good state.
That's it?! All of them have first-class quality and performance. Besides, we adopt advanced technology. Now we have developed new products. They are much better than what you have bought.
Your company is developing so fast. Maybe later on I will plan to buy more.
That's great?! Thanks for your support. If any, please remember to call us.
I am afraid I have to say goodbye now?!
Bye, Mr. James?!
Bye?!

Ms.Dawson, I need you to take a dictation for me.
Yes, sir... This should go out as an intra-office memorandum to all employees by this afternoon.Are you ready?
Yes, sir.Go ahead.
Attention all staff... Effective immediately, all office communications are restricted to email correspondence and official memos.The use of Instant Message programs by employees during working hours is strictly prohibited.
Sir, does this apply to intra-office communications only? Or will it also restrict external communications?
It should apply to all communications, not only in this office between employees, but also any outside communications.
But sir, many employees use Instant Messaging to communicate with their clients.
They will just have to change their communication methods. I don't want any - one using Instant Messaging in this office.It wastes too much time?! Now, please continue with the memo.Where were we?
This applies to internal and external communications.
Yes.Any employee who persists in using Instant Messaging will first receive a warning and be placed on probation.At second offense, the employee will face termination.Any questions regarding this new policy may be directed to department heads. Is that all?
Yes.Please get this memo typed up and distributed to all employees before 4 pm.

Do you have everything?
Let's see... my ID card, my passport, and my suitcase. I'm pretty sure I've got everything.

This is Dunlin. Is this Mrs Smith speaking?
Yes, what can I do for you?
I just want to call and say thank you for letting me interview yesterday.
You are welcome, Mr. Sun.
And I also want to know what the status is of the position.
Sorry, we haven't made the decision at all. But we should be making the decision by the end of this week. And we'll get in touch with you once we make it.
Do you have any questions we didn't cover in the interview?
No. Thank you, I am looking forward to hearing from you. Bye-bye.
Thank you for the calling. Bye-bye.

I often sneeze after having a bad itch inside my nose. Sometimes this is accompanied by an itching throat.
Any other discomfort?
Yes. Sometimes I can notice a constriction in the chest and shortness of breath after a fit of sneezing. And I often suffer from a running nose with a profuse watery discharge.
Does it occur seasonally or all year round?
It has been seasonal during these past three years.
Are you sensitive to other things?
Yes, things like seafood and penicillin-type drugs.
OK. Let me examine your nose. According to your case history and the examination, I believe that it's allergic rhinitis.
What useful treatment can you offer?
I'll give you a series of specific skin tests. Then we'll know exactly what substances you're allergic to. Then I'll give you some causes of desensitization therapy.

Miss, would you like to try this free sample of our new suntan cream?
Sure, why not?
This is a new product of company this year. It's oil-free.
I see. It feels very light on the skin.
It gives your skin a very natural healthy look. I like the cool smell, too.

So how can I make it?
First you make a list of what you wanna buy...
But I’Ve gotta have the budge before anything else.
Well, that’s a problem, isn’t it?

Did you have a part-time job when you were still in school?
No, I was way too busy studying all the time. How about you?
Yeah, I worked about twenty hours a week in a pizza restaurant.
What was that like?
It was always very busy there. What did you do?
I stood behind the register and took pizza orders.
Did you get any perks on the job?
Yeah, I got to eat as much pizza as I could for free.

Okay. I'd like to change some euro into US dollars, please.
Sure. How much would you like to change?
Six hundred euro.
Very good. May I see your passport?
Here you are.
How would you like your bills?
In fifties please.

Why are you reading the classifieds? What do you need?
I'm looking for a bookcase, but I don't want to buy a new one.
Are you having any luck?
Not really. There aren't any used bookcases listed. But there are a few rummage sales on Saturday. I think I'll go to them.
Do you mind if I go with you?
Not at all. These private sales are great places to bargain. And sometimes you can find terrific things among all the junk.
I learned to negotiate from my mother. I thought I was pretty good at bargaining, but I had a problem the other day at Kimble's Department Store.
What happened?
I wanted to buy a beautiful wool sweater for my girlfriend. It was priced at forty dollars, so I started by offering the salesclerk thirty.

Do you do a lot of your shopping online?
Not really. I like looking on the internet at what’s available, but I usually prefer to actually see and touch what I’m buying before I pay for it. Sometimes, I’ll look at something in a shop, but lat No. I’m a little worried about security. You never know who’s trying to find out your codes and passwords. Aren’t you worry about that?
Not really. I know that it happens, but if you buy from reputable companies with secure websites, you should be ok.
Even though I use online shopping facilities, I don’t think it’s the best way to sho
I’m surprised to hear you say that. I thought you loved anything technological.
I do. I’m a big fan of using new technology, but I don’t want to sit in front of a computer screen all day. I think people need to get out and interact with other people. So, how about coming to the department store with me? I want to see if there are any new summer clothes on sale yet.
Sure. I’d love to join you. Can we stop by the computer store? I just want to see if they have something.
Sure. While you’re in the computer store. I will visit the book store opposite. I like to browse through their books and see if they have anything interesting.
Ok. I’Ve finished online. Let’s go.
I’ll just get some money and my credit card.
Thanks for reminding me. I had forgotten to get mine.

Please help yourself at your dishes. I hope you’ll enjoy what you’Ve got.
It suits my taste. You are really a good cook.
Would you like to try my special recipe?
Wow, let me try. It tastes nice.
How did you make it?
It’s as easy as pie. I always follow recipes.

Mr. Dick. Does the recommendation of the university play an important role?
Yes. In fact, the recommendation letter written by the university is an indirect self-recommendation. In the long period of cooperation, the university has established good relationship with the companies or organizations, they trust each other well. If your university recommends you, you can be approved more easily.
But I find that most of the recommendation letters written by universities are the same. So I doubt its authority.
More and more persons have the same discoveries since most universities do that in order to save energy. If your university also does like this, you can look for other methods, because such kinds of recommendations say nothing for you. Could you tell me whether or not I send out my resume with it?
It depends. If it has something special or useful, I suggest you send it out.

Taylor, can you tell me how to apply for a job on the Internet?
Just fill out an application. Do I have to send an E-mail?
You are expected to know the E-mail address of the unit.
But I still don't know which unit is in need of staff. Send out an application through Job-wanted on the website.
Can any unit see my information?
It's a two-way choice. And your application will be read.
Which websites offer this service?
Sina, 21st Century Talent Net, and a few others.
Thank you.

Don’t throw your weight around. I can’t bear you any more.
I dare you to say that again.

Were you a leader when you were in college?
Yes. I was Propaganda department minister of our university.
Did you get any honors or awards at your university?
No. It’s a pity about it.
Were you involved in any club activities at your university?
Yes. I was a member of the basketball Society. I like playing basketball.
What extracurricular activities did you usually take part in at your college?
I sometimes played basketball and sometimes played football.

You want to argue your ticket today?
Yes. That is why I'm here.
Tell me your argument.
I was pulled over for allegedly speeding.
Are you sure you weren't speeding?
To be honest, I really wasn't.
What speed were you going?
I was under the speed limit. I was going 35, when the speed limit was 40.
I'm just going to let you go, since the arresting officer isn't here.
What about my ticket? Do I still need to pay?
Don't worry about it.
I'm so glad for your help.

Annie, do you like shopping online?
Yes, I like it, because it's convenient. Last week, I tried to buy a new cellphone online, but I didn't know how to pay for it.
First, you should open an account at the online bank. After that, you can buy anything you want online.
Are there many things online?
Sure. You can find everything all over the world. Let's check it out online?!
( They log in a shopping website. ) That's amazing. Oh, an on line virtual supermarket? Let's click to check it out. Oh, I got it. It simulates the real supermarket, which makes it feel so real.
Mom will love it. She loves shopping in supermarkets.

Ah, Bob. Just the person I wanted to see.
So what is it?
You gotta help me out this time, buddy.
Another tough thing, I guess.

Hey?! What happened??! My song was only half way through and it skipped to the next song.
I don't know what happened?! You cancelled the song, didn't you, Jack?
No, I didn't.
Really?! Then, is the machine broken or...

Good evening, Do you have a reservation?
Yes. The reservation under Mr. Watson.
Ah, yes, a table for four at 8 Em, no, thanks. I think we'll go straight to the table, By the way. may I check my overcoat here?
Certainly, sir. We'll keep it in the cloakroom for you. Here is your number. When you leave, show it to the waiter behind the counter, please.
Thank you. Could you show us to our table now? Would you please follow me, please?
Thank you. This is your table. It's Number 10.

Hello, ma’am. Can I help you? I’m looking for a sweater.
What size are you looking for?
Well, I’m looking for size 10 but you don’t have it.
How about this one? I think it looks terrific on you.
Yes, I like the color. Can I try it on?
Sure. The fitting room is on your right.
It fits well. I like it a lot. What do you think?
You look pretty in red.
Oh, it’s my favorite. How much is it?
$ 29.99.
Okay. I’ll take it. Thank you very much for your help.
You’re welcome.

Do you have any cars available?
We have only one mid-size car left.
Great, what's the rate per day?
It's 40 $ plus tax per day on limited mileage.
I'm going to need it for three days. Can I see your driver's license?
Sure, here is my driver's license.
Please sign here.

Are you ready to order? I think that we have a pretty good idea of what we would like to order.
Let me tell you about the specials of the day, which are chicken in a wine sauce with capers, and grilled garlic shrimp.
I was wondering if the chef could leave off the sauce.
The chef would be happy to accommodate your special requests.
I am a vegetarian. Do you have any vegetarian selections?
You could choose the roasted vegetable and garlic pizza or the goat cheese and candied walnut salad.
I think that we will split the roasted vegetable and garlic pizza.
That is a good selection, and I can bring your salads now or serve them with your entree.
You can bring us our salads when you bring us our entree.

I can't open this email attachment our Paris office has sent me. Are you sure you're using the right program?
Well, yes it's definitely the same program but I might have the wrong version. Their system is newer than ours.
That's why you can't open it. You'll have to upgrade before you can read the file.

What kind of character do you think you have?
Generally speaking, l am an open-minded person.
What is your strongest trait?
Cheerfulness and friendliness.
How would your friends or colleagues describe you?
They say Mr. Sun is a friendly, sensitive, caring and determined person.
What personality do you admire?
I admire a person who is honest, flexible and easy-going.
How do you get along with others?
I get on well with others.

Hi, I need to make an appointment to see the doctor.
What seems to be the problem?
I have a rash that I need a doctor to look at.
Do you have a fever with that rash?
No, it just itches a lot.
I have openings on Tuesday or Wednesday. Which would be best for you?
I need an appointment on Tuesday.
Fine, I am putting you down for 9
I would like to see Dr. Jones.
I can schedule you with him with no problem.
We look forward to seeing you.

Wow?! What's the hold up?
It’s probably just people trying to get an early start out of the city for the weekend. Nobody sticks around in the summer.
Really? Then, I guess I won’t have a hard time finding a room or getting a cab?
Actually, you might because there’s a big convention in town this weekend.
I’m not too worried about it. I always seem to find something.

Hello, how can I help you today?
I'd like to withdraw some money from my account.
Please fill out this slip stating how much you wish to withdraw.
Well, actually, it's quite a substantial amount. Here's my Bank Book. Will that cause a problem?
On your account there is no limit to over the counter withdrawals, it won't cause a problem.
Here's your money, 10,000 RIB. Please count it before you leave.
Yes, that seems to be all in order. Thanks very much.

Quality is very important to us. We work to very low tolerance levels. We need to have guaranteed supplies of consistently high quality raw materials. Over the years we've built up very good relationships with our suppliers.
Do you have many different suppliers?
Yes. There are about fifty names on our approved supplier list, but for raw materials we tend to deal with three local companies.

Mary, can you tell me how you keep in shape?
You'll never be in shape until you eat less and take more exercise. Now, tell me what you often eat.
I often eat fish and eggs. Do you eat a lot of vegetables?
Oh yes, and fruits. I love fruits very much.
What do you like to drink?
Well, I never drink alcohol, coffee or tea. Whatever would you like to drink?
I drink a lot of milk. I drink milk almost every day. How often do you exercise?
Well, I walk every day. It's a good diet and a regular exercise.
Yes, quite right.

I am sorry, but I cannot stay for the rest of class today.
Why do you need to leave early?
I don’t feel so good. What doesn’t feel right?
I feel as if I am going to be sick to my stomach.
Perhaps you should get checked out at the Student Health Center before you go home.
I have some medicine at home that I could take.
Are you going to be OK to drive home, or would you like someone to go with you?
Thank you, but my friend is in the library, and he can give me a ride home.
We hope that you are feeling better soon. E-mail me if you have any questions.

Your boyfriend is so considerate to you. When do you plan to marry?
It’s still up in the air. There is something wrong between us.

We're considering of ordering 200 computers, but I'm wondering about the price you'll possibly offer.
Our price will be not less than $ 5000.
Your price is higher than I expected. Could you give us a little discount?
This is already our best price. But the price is always negotiable and you should consider our quantity of order.
Well, what would you suggest? Could you make it $ 4500?
I'm afraid that there is no room to negotiate the price. This is the best price we can quote.
Can we meet each other half way?
What do you mean? Let's close the deal at $ 4800, OK?
You drive a hard bargain?! OK, that's a deal.

I'm now on the Songshan airport getting ready for departure. I realized that I might have left my watch.
Yes, Ma'am. May I have your name and room number?
My name is Terry. I stayed last night in your hotel in room 132. What kind of watch is it?
It's a brand-new Seiko wrist watch.
Yes, we have it.
Oh, I'm glad to hear that. Would you kindly send it to the Hilton Hotel?

What are your thoughts on the apartment?
I think that it’s absolutely gorgeous.
There aren’t any problems with the apartment?
I think that the apartment looks very nice, but I do see some problems.
What problems?
I did notice a few stains in the carpet.
We will have the carpet cleaned before you move in.
You will?
Yes, but other than that, are there any more problems?
That was the only thing that I saw that was wrong with the apartment.
I’m happy that you find this apartment so appealing.
It is. I love it.

That China-gown of Tang-Dynasty style is so beautiful. Would you show it to me, please?
Absolutely. Here it is.
Could I try it on?
Please do, the fitting-room is over there.
It feels a little tight around the waist. Do you have a bigger one?
I'm sorry. We don't have this color in your size. We have some green ones in your size. Would you please have a look at this green one?
OK. How much does it cost?
It's 486 yuan.
Mmm, it is reasonable.

Mrs. Wang, would you give us an idea of the price you regard as workable?
As I said before, your price is so high that we find it difficult to make a bid. We hope you will take the initiative and bridge the gap.
Just to comply, we're ready to reduce the price by 5 percent. I hope this concession of ours will get the ball rolling.
So do we. Certainly it's a step forward on your side. But the gap is still too wide.
The ball is in your court, Mrs.Wang. What price would you suggest?
To make your offer workable, I think you should take another step down as big as the one you've just taken.
That won't do. You see, our profit margin is very narrow. It simply can't stand such a big cut.
I hate to disappoint you, Mr. Brown, but if that's the case, we have no alternative but to cover our requirements elsewhere.
Do think it over, please. We sincerely hope our discussion will come to a successful conclusion.
Well, I'm not authorized to agree to such a big reduction. Would you mind waiting a day or two, until I get a reply from the home office?
Not at all. Shall we meet again, say, on Friday morning?
Good. Friday morning at 9.

Good morning. Good morning.This is Mary.Can I speak to Anne please?
I’m sorry She isn’t in at the moment. She will come back at half past nineCan I take a message for her?
Thank you.But I will call her later
OK.Goodbye.
Goodbye.

Hi, Jane. How are you doing this morning?
I’m all right, thanks. Just a little tired.
Late night?
Yeah, I got home around two.

We've been waiting here for nearly ten minutes now, and there still isn't a bus in sight. I'm afraid we'll be late for the party. Have you got the time, Tom?
Yes, my watch says a quarter to seven. but there is something wrong with my watch?!
But you bought it only last month.
Yes, but ever since I bought it, it gains about five minutes a day, so I' Ve got to have it repaired.
How long will it take us to get there?
I think about ten minutes by bus.
It's not far away, then. Let's walk, it's beginning to rain.
Wait?! I think I see a bus coming now.
Let's hope it's the No. 22 bus.

Hi, Mr. Smith. I'm Doctor Hawkins. Why are you here today?
I found it would be a good idea to get a check-up.
Yes, well, you haven't had one for 5 years. You should have one every year.
I know. I figure as long as there is nothing wrong, why go see the doctor?
Well, the best way to avoid serious illnesses is to find out about them early. So try to come at least once a year for your own good.
Ok. Let me see here. Your eyes and ears look fine. Take a deep breath, please. Do you smoke, Mr. Smith?
Yes.
Smoking is the leading cause of lung cancer and heart disease, you know. You really should quit.
I've tried hundreds of times, but I just can't seem to kick the habit.
Well, we have classes and some medications that might help. I'll give you more information before you leave.
Ok, thanks doctor.

Good afternoon. Mr. Tylor's office?
I'm afraid you've got the wrong extension.
I'm sorry, but could you please transfer this call to Mr. Tylor's office?
Sure, please hold on.
Thank you. Now Mr. Tylor's on the line. Go ahead, please.
You are so kind, you helped me a lot.
You are welcome. Bye?!

Good afternoon, Lexington Software. Angelina Dawson, how can I help?
Hello, this is Quinn from IBA.
Ah, hello Quinn. Oh dear, you are calling to tell me there is a problem, aren't you?
I'm afraid so, yes.
Hmm... well, it was my first attempt?! Is it a very big mistake, or can we just alter it?
Unfortunately it's rather a big mistake.
What do you recommend we do?
I would recommend we scrap this one and you bring in another set as soon as possible.
I trust your judgement. Thank you, Quinn. I'll be back tomorrow with a new set. Bye for now.

Oh?!?!?! I have a horrible toothache.
You should go to the dentist.
I hate dentists.
Well, suffer then. If you have a toothache, you have to go to the dentist. It always hurts.
I hate going.
Stop being such a baby. If it really hurts that much, just let them knock you out.
O. K., O. K., I’ll go.
Good. You'll feel better after you do.

Hi, I would like to purchase a one way ticket to Brussels, please.
Certainly sir, this is our train schedule. We have an express train departing every morning and an overnight train that departs at nine pm.
How long does it take to get there?
About twelve hours. We currently have tickets available only for first class on the express train. If you’d like, you can choose a sleeper on the overnight train which is a bit less expensive.
Yeah, I think that is the best option. Do you serve food on the train? Twelve hours is such a long time?!
Yes, of course. There is a dining car towards the front of the train where they serve meals at all times. We do provide complimentary water and coffee for all of our passengers.
Great?! I’ll take it. Here you are sir. Your train leaves from platform number nine at nine on the dot. Remember to be here at least thirty minutes before your scheduled departure time or else you might miss your train?!
I understand. Thank you very much?! Have a great trip.

I would like to take a trip to the beach this weekend.
A trip to the beach would be fun. How is the weather going to be?
The forecast says that it will be warm on the weekend.
So do you think it'll be perfect weather for the beach?
It sounds like it will be. I really hope it doesn't get cold. That would ruin things, I want to go so badly.
The weather in California is unpredictable, so you never know.
That is true. The weather is constantly changing. It would be nice if the weather would never change.
That would be great, then we could plan things sooner. True.
Predictable weather would make life easier.

Some companies use to ban dating among employees, but now they have realized it is something in avertable. People spend so much time at work. It is not surprising for one to have a crash on the other. If we think positively, office love can be beneficial to company.
Beneficial? I don’t think so. If two employees get married, they will leave at the same time for a honeymoon, or later one of them will stay at home taking care of babies. If they break up, the company will probably have to relocate one of them to make the workplace more comfortable. By any means, the company must spare extra efforts to solve problems brought by an office dating.
But if two employees are in love, they will be happy. Happy people are more productive. If they develop an intimate relation with each other, they are willing to share knowledge and experience. It can help to improve work efficiency.
I doubt that.

Do you eat a lot of healthy food?
Compared with healthy food, unhealthy food just tastes so much better. And anyway, I believe if you live a low stress Life and are active, you can get away with eating whatever you like. It's all in the mind.
You have the point. I think cancer is caused by more worry than by the things we consume. Some good things you should try are cranberry juice, wild rice and yoghurt.
What's special about these things?
Cranberry juice is very good for destroying harmful bacteria in your guts because it's very acidic. Wild rice is high in fibre so it's good for your guts and it's high in protein and minerals-I think it's also tastier than normal rice. Yoghurt's good because it's also rich in protein, vitamins and is also acidic. People have been making yoghurt for thousands of years and if you have it every day, your guts will be much more settled.
Thanks. I'm going to follow your advice and pop down to the supermarket right now.

I've been so tired recently. I've been trying, but I don't think I'm up to this job.
You need to take a break, maybe a vacation. Oh, yes, indeed. I've run out of steam.
To be honest, I want to be in a different environment.
Is that so?
Yes, I don't want to be stuck in a rut. I want to move on.
Have you decided?
Yes. I want to get a better job.
Could you tell me why you want to quit?
I quit just because of the dissatisfying salary and the trouble in getting along with my colleagues.
Oh, that's terrible. Do you want to get a higher salary in our company?
I'm afraid not. I've promised my girlfriend. We'll travel southwards to find a job that offers higher pay.
OK, I'd like to say that I've really enjoyed working with you. However, I think you should work harder for your new job and then you can ask for higher pay.
Thank you so much for your advice. And every best wish for your new job.
Thank you.

The train is leaving. Hurry up?! Which car are we in?
Let me see. Oh, No. 11. Here we are, Car 11. Let's get in.
Seats No. 20 and 21. It’s nice that we’Ve got a window seat.
Let's put our suitcases on the rack.
Oh, the baggage rack is full. Put them under the seat for the time being.
All right.

So, how should we get to the theatre? Let's take the bus.
I hate the bus system in London?! The bus drivers are rude, the buses are never on time, and there are few people around who can help you.
It's not that bad. You probably just had a bad experience once.
It wasn't just once. Every single time I take the bus, something bad happens to me or to someone else on the bus.
We could take the subway, but we'd have to go three stops along one line and then change trains twice. Train fares are twice as expensive as the bus fare, too.
If we don't hurry up, we'll miss the show. Should we take the bus?
We're already late, so I think we had better take a taxi.
I don't think we'll be able to find a taxi very easily during hush hours. Let's just take the bus.
Fine. Have a look at the timetable to find out when the next one arrives.
It looks like it should be here in just a few minutes. don't worry. Nothing bad will happen. I'll even buy your ticket for you.
Thanks, that was nice of you.
See, now something good has happened to you on a bus trip?!

Let's go over this plan again. From Vancouver, we bike along the border all the way to Winnipeg. And that is mostly flat, right?
Relatively, once we're out of Alberta, anyway. Then it's hills again in Aitoba.
And from Winnipeg we go around the lakes through Toronto, right?
That's right. And up in to Quebec. And that's where we stop.
It doesn't sound like that much when we go over the plan but that's a long, long ride. Are you ready for the cross country of a lifetime?

Good morning, sir. What can I do for you?
I'm Bill. I'm in Room 908. Can you change the room for me? It's too noisy. My wife was woken up several times by the noise the baggage elevator made. She said it was too much for her.
I'm awfully sorry, sir. I do apologize. Room 908 is at the end of the corridor. It's possible that the noise is heard early in the morning when all is quiet.
Anyhow, I'd like to change our room.
No problem, sir. We'll manage it, but we don't have any spare room today. Could you wait till tomorrow? The American People-to-people Education Delegation will be leaving tomorrow morning. There'll be some rooms for you to choose from.
All right. I hope we'll be able to enjoy our stay in a quiet suite tomorrow evening and have a sound sleep.
Be sure. I'll make a note of that. Everything will be taken care of. And if there is anything more you need, please let us know.

It's time for bed.
I'm not ready to go to sleep. I'm not tired.
It's quite late, and you have an early day tomorrow.
I'm not going to be able to fall asleep.
Why don't you try counting sheep?
I've tried that before. It really doesn't work.
That's beside the point, you still need to go to bed.
Why can't I just stay up until I fall asleep?
If I let you do that, then you're just going to be up all night.
I promise I'll go to sleep soon.
No, you're going to sleep now, so good night.
See you in the morning.

I see myself as being honest, diligent, persevering and creative. And I have a strong sense of responsibility.
How about your psychological resilience?
I think I can work well under pressure, if necessary.
How would you deal with those who are not easy to get along with?
I will just be sincere and friendly to others, and I believe they will treat me the same way.
You seem to be a kind-hearted lady.
Thank you. I simply believe the goodness of human nature.
Please tell me your weaknesses if you can.
I should admit that sometimes I care too much about the details. I am always in pursuit of perfection.

Karen? I need to go over a few things with you.
Certainly. Mr. Graham. When would you like to meet?
I was thinking about this afternoon, after the sales meeting.
Fine. At 3:30?

I believe we' Ve met before. My name's David.
Yes, at your company, I think. I'm Frank.
Oh, I remember now.Very nice to meet you again.
Nice meeting you, too.

I made my little brother cry.
Shame on you?!

I need some mascara. Do you have good thickening mascara?
Of course. Here is our thickening mascara. We also have mascara designed to lengthen the eyelashes.
Alright. And I want to consider your eye shadow too. Do you have a color chart can look at?
We have a very wide selection of colors. And our eye shadow is specially designed to moisturize the skin. So it is very gentle on your eyelids. Would you like to sample some?
Oh, sure I will need to clean off my own eye shadow first.
I can help you with that.
Thank you.

Is this the baggage claim area for flight KB256?
Yes, we are on the same plane.
But I am a transfer passenger. I have a connecting flight to Miami.
So you have to bring your baggage to the transfer check-in area.
Yes.It' s quite troublesome. Why not go and find a porter?

Billy, you don’t look too well. Maybe you should take the day off school.
But Mom?! Today we’re playing football?! I love football?!
You’Ve got a fever and playing football isn’t a good idea for a boy with a fever.
What’s that on your arm?
I don’t know. It was there when I woke up this morning.
It’s rash. I’d better take you to see the doctor.
How did you get that bruise on your leg?
I bashed it against the chair in my room.
Does it hurt?
A little, but not much. Here. Put this wet towel on your face to keep your temperature down. I’ll take you to the doctor’s after breakfast.
If I’m better this afternoon, can I go to school?
If you are better, but I doubt you will be.

This is your schedule.
You're going out of your way for us, I believe.
You are our honored guests.

Are there any vacancies still available?
Yes. We need a plumber here.
I am looking for a job that is more advanced than that, such as sales manager or regional manager.
I am sorry. They are not available now.

My name is Mary, and I will be your waitress tonight.
Thank you, Mary. We have been looking forward to trying out this restaurant.
Before your main course, would you like to order an appetizer?
Sure, that sounds great. Where are your appetizers listed?
There is a special appetizer menu right here in the center of the table.
The chicken and cheese quesadilla looks good. Is that pretty good?
You know, that is one of my favorites?!
OK, I'll take one order of that.
You could choose another appetizer for half price to share.
Perfect?! Please add on an order of onion rings.

I am waiting for a fax but just now I found there's something wrong with the fax machine.
What's wrong with the fax machine? Is it urgent?
Yes, very urgent. And there is no other fax machine around. And the office of our boss is closed, so I can not use his machine either. And his secretary is out. Do you have any suggestion?
Either call this extension number 0085 or ask them to send the fax to you as e-mail, you print it out.

I would like to speak to you, if you don’t mind.
What would you like to speak to me about?
I would like to talk to you about this year’s election.
Is that right? I am a volunteer for this year’s campaign.
That’s wonderful. I am impressed at someone so young taking a stand. I know history is about to be made, and I would like to be a part of it.
That’s fantastic. Are you planning on voting?
I’m going to vote. Go to your polling place early on Election Day.
I will.
Good luck with your volunteering.

We hope that there will be no repetition of this kind of trouble in the future.
Yes. I promise it will not happen again.
We look forward to your settlement at an early date.
We will inform you as soon as possible.

Hello, Steven. How do you get along with your job?
Actually, I learn many things from it. I find that I am a quick learner in new things.
Practice makes perfect. By the way, what do you learn from your job?
At first I didn't know anything about the machine. Now I know how to operate it. Besides, the work gives me a sense of fulfillment and achievement.
Yeah, you are a good learner. I must commend you for your good performance.
Thank you. That's a long way to go for my job.
I appreciate your effort very much. The coffee break is over ; it's about time we set to work.
OK, let's go.

Where on earth are we?
Judging by all the traffic, I'd say we're near the outskirts of the city.
What did I do wrong? Did I take a wrong turn?
I'm not sure, but I think you turned right when you should have turned left on the flyover bridge.
Well, now we should turn back a few kilometres. It seems that the traffic sign is much more important than the map.

Hello. Front desk.
Yes. This is Bob Robinson. I’m calling from room number 627.
Hi, Bob. What can I do for you? Is it possible to change to another room?
Could you please tell me why? My room is facing the swimming pool. It’s noisy for me. I have a problem sleeping. And I feel uncomfortable when I take an elevator.
So you need a quiet side room on the lower floor.
You’re right. Okay. Let me check for a room on the first floor.
Thank you.
I’Ve only two rooms on the first floor. How about room 108?
That’s fine. Can I move now?
Sure. I’ll send the bellman to help you.
Oh, thank you kindly.
You’re welcome.

How long will it take for our order to be delivered?
Let's see. You are importing fifty containers of textiles from China. They should be able to place your order before the end of next week. It will take 2 days for shipping to the port city of Ningpo. The freight will take 3 weeks on the open ocean and will arrive in Los Angeles approximately a month from today. Domestic shipping will be your responsibility, you can make arrangements with the pier in Los Angeles.
Fine, we will handle domestic shipping, but what about customs? Will we have to pay tariff on our imports?
I hope we don't run into any problems with the border control.
No, the Chinese company has that all worked out. With the paperwork you receive with the shipment, you should be good to go.

Now you're my boss, Mr. Henry. Do you have any other particular conditions that you would like the company to take into consideration?
No, nothing in particular. You may ask questions about us, if you have any.
All right. When can I start?

What are you doing here today?
I would like to fight my ticket.
Is the arresting officer in the courtroom today?
Yes, the officer is here today. What's your case?
I was pulled over for running a red light, but I never did.
Do you believe that the officer lied?
There was a camera on the signal. So, he was obviously lying.
Your license plate was caught on camera?
A picture of my license plate was never taken.
Since there is no picture of your license plate on record, I'm going to let you go.
Thank you. I'm glad that you believe me.

Hey Joe, what are you doing in this department store?
Hi, Rita, I'm just looking for a pair of shoes. I won't be here for long.
Why not? When I go shoe shopping, I have so many options for sneakers that I spend awhile looking at all of the choices.
That's my problem. I don't have a lot of options. What do you mean?
This is a big store, isn't it?
Yes, but I have unusually big feet. That wouldn't be too much of a problem except that they're also very wide, and only a few brands sell shoes that I can fit into.
So how do you usually go about buying shoes, then?
Well, first of all, I can only go to certain stores that can guarantee me a large selection.
Well, you're in the right store. If they don't have it, no one will.
After that I choose something from one of the few brands that I know will fit me. I prefer white, so I ask them to bring me a pair of white sneakers in my size. Since I’m usually only given one or two pairs of shoes that meet my qualifications, it makes it a very easy choice.

what shall we do after the volleyball match?
how about going to the Olympic souvenir store to have a look? I remember there is one in the gym.
that's a good idea. I was thinking of buying some gifts for my family. me, too.
What did you have in mind?
I haven't decided yet, but I think the Olympic Mascots are a must.
I agree. They're very lovely, especially " Huan Huan ".
is that the red one? That is my favorite, too. Do you know how much they are?
the five dolls are sold together as a set, and they're priced according to the size. The bigger they are the more expensive.
oh, I see. If I buy more than a set, can I get any discount?
I don't think so. All the souvenirs of the Olympic Games are very hot right now.
any other ideas?
there are lots of things, such as postcards, key chains, posters and various arts and crafts.
it all sounds great. We can go there after the match. I can't wait to see what they have.

Mom?! I hate eating vegetables?!
You don’t have to eat them. I don’t mind.
Thanks mom?! Can I have dessert now? I love chocolate cake?!
No dessert for you unless you eat all your vegetables.
But I don’t like them?! It’s not fair?!
You can have some fruit for dessert. If you eat an apple and a banana, I might let you have a small piece of chocolate cake.
Ok... actually, I don’t mind eating peas and carrots, buy I hate broccoli and cauliflower.
I’ll remember that for next time. You’ll get extra peas and carrots, buy no broccoli or cauliflower. OK?
Thanks mom?!

It was very kind of you to give me a tour of the place. It gave me a good idea of your product range.
It’s a pleasure to show our factory to our customers. What’s your general impression, may I ask?
Very impressive, indeed, especially the speed of your NW Model. That’s our latest development. A product with high performance.
We put it on the market just two months ago. The machine gives you an edge over your competitors, I guess.
Certainly. No one can match us as far as speed is concerned.
Could you give me some brochures for that machine? And the price if possible.
Right. Here is our sales catalog and literature.
Thank you. I think we may be able to work together in the future.

Is the factory fully-automated?
Not completely. Our production process is partially-automated. We use robots on the production line for routine assembly jobs but some of the work is still done manually.
What about supply of parts to the production line?
Well, the parts are automatically selected from the store room using a bar-code system. And there is an automatic feeder which takes them to the conveyor belt at the start of the production line.
What about the smaller components?
They're transported to the workstations on automated vehicles - robot trucks - which run on guide rails around the factory.

I'm glad you're on your ten-year reunion planning committee.
Yeah, you get the TV to yourself while I spend my nights surfing the Net for missing classmates. That's not why. This way I can see how you guys do this sort of thing.
I guess. Don't you have reunions in Taiwan?
Definitely. Every year. But just for our forty-person class. Ours are for everyone that graduated in the same year.

What does your job involve?
I'm the Project Manager so I have to make sure our projects run smoothly. I work with three Project Engineers. They take care of after-sales service and look after the maintenance side of the business.

How many languages can you speak?
Besides Chinese, I can speak English and French. You mean you can read and write both of them?
No, I can only carry on a simple conversation in French.
Can you read and write English well?
I can speak the language better than read and write.
Do you speak the language well enough to communicate with people of English-speaking countries?
I think so. I used to be an interpreter. Do you think your English is good enough to do desk work?
The amount of English I know enables me to do general desk work. I believe what I know is sufficient to work in an American firm.

What can I get for you? Here is the menu.
Let me have a look. Well, how many kinds of steaks do you have?
We have sirloin steaks, pepper steak, and filet steak.
Is there something go with the filet steak?
Yes, we have various sauces.
What about the gravy?

Are you ready to go shopping?
Just a minute. I need to make a list of thinks that we need.
Good idea. Have you written down potatoes, carrots, and onions?
I don’t have onions on my list. I’ll add them. We should get some tea. Is green tea ok or should we get the same tea that we usually get?
Let’s get both. We need some coffee too. Is that on your list?
Yes, it is. Here’s my list. Is there anything that I’Ve forgotten?
I think you’Ve got everything. I want to got some chocolate and some cheese.
What kind of cheese do you want.
I’m not sure. I’ll decide at the cheese counter, when I can see what they have.
Have we got enough money?
We don’t have enough cash, so I’ll take my credit card and we can pay with that.
Where are the car keys?
I’Ve got them there. Shall I drive?

Hello, can you tell me how to use the telephone?
If you want to order meals, call 8801.If you need other help, call 8803 and someone will be there.
Thank you so much. By the way, is there a mail service?
Yes, you can take your letters to the counter over there.

I am afraid that the fax machine in my room won’t be working till tomorrow. A technician has just come and checked it. He will bring me a new one tomorrow. It seems there is a big problem with mine and it will take some days for repairing. Can I use the one in your office?
Of course you can. I am sure this one works very well. I just sent dozens of pages. How many pages are you sending? Are you familiar with my fax machine?
Yes, I think you have the same model as I have.
Does your fax machine print out immediately a transmission protocol?
Yes, it will print immediately.

How many years have you done business with China?
Let me see, about five years, we established our business relationship with Hua Mei of China Import & Export Corporation in 2003.
Do you have any difficulties in doing business in China? You know the Chinese economic legislation is still incomplete?
I don't think I have any problem with our Chinese partners. They have always followed the contract strictly. We can do business directly with the corporation. As I mentioned before, the Chinese government is trying very hard to perfect its law. Its commercial legislation provides legal protection for foreign companies.
Well, it's known that the Sino-American relation is in a dilemma. Does it influence your business in China?
Actually not at present. But we are afraid it will. You know policies influence business to some extent.
I hope our government will not be influenced by some extremists. China is really a large market. We don't want to lose it.
Thank you.
You're welcome.

Give me a pack of first-class stamps, please.
Here you are. That will be five dollars. Anything else?
Yes. I want some post cards and some airmail stamps. I want to send some letters to South America.
Just a moment, I'll look up the rate for air-mail letters to South America.
Can you tell me how much it will cost to send a package to Colombia? Also, I what to know how long it will take.
Do you have the package with you? I would have to weigh it to see how much it would cost. Do you insure package?
Yes. All you have to do declare the value of the package and decide how much you want to insure it for.
Is there a way that I can be sure that the people in South america receive my package?
The post office rarely loses package. You can, however, request a rectum receipt.
One last question-what are your hours?
We open at eight-thirty in the morning and close at five-thirty in the afternoon.
Thank you, you helped me a lot.

Hello, thank you for taking the time to interview me.
Hi there, I’m Bill Gotcha, the owner of Gotcha Enterprises. Did you find your way here OK?
Your assistant gave wonderful directions.
Why are you switching jobs at this point in your career?
Our Company is moving overseas and I wish to stay in the United States.
What are you best at?
I am good at organizing systems that have been having problems.
What is your biggest challenge in terms of skills?
I don’t like to sit around and so like to always find things to do to keep myself busy.
That is good to hear?!

Good morning. SRC international. How may I help you?
Good morning. I'd like to speak to Peter. Chen Please.
Certainly. Who should I say is calling?
This is Tim. Hunter from Hunter industries.
And what is it regarding please?
We have an appointment for this afternoon. Mr. Chen will know why I'm calling.
Of course, Please hold the line Mr. Hunter.

Right, let me run through your options. You can go ahead and cash your undue Large-Amount Deposit Certificate if you really want to, but I'd recommend a Personal Durable Commodities Loan.
OK, what does that entail?
It's not too much trouble to do it this way and remember, your certificate is due in 2 months. If you can hold on to it, it'll be much better for your finances.
Yes, it does seem a little silly to cash it now. I'll probably need about 25,000 RIB. Will that be a problem?
Not at all, Mr Zu. As the certificate is due in 2 months, you can get the loan on mortgage of that certificate.
I'm glad you thought of this. I'd have just gone ahead and cashed it?! And I suppose I can use the money from the certificate to pay back this Personal Durable Commodities Loan and I won't lose any interest, right?
Exactly right. If you'd like to go ahead, I can process that for you now, Mr Zu.
Absolutely, Jenny. Thanks very much, I think you've saved me quite a lot of money today.

My aunt told me one of her secrets--cellophane tape. I just got it at the special health store. It's for my flabby arms.
Let me know how it works. I have to say, I have had enough of this roller coaster.
I know what you mean. I'm like a yo-yo. Last week I was down to 60 kilos. This week I had one donut more. Now I'm up to 62 kilos.

May I have a menu, please?
Of course. Could you tell me how this thing is cooked? Lobster?
It is steamed and served with our special sauce.
Is it good?
Sure. It is a most popular dish.
I think I will try some lobster, and give me some green salad together.

Can’t you come in and have tea now, Peter?
Not yet, I must water the garden first.
Do you have to water it now?
I’m afraid I must. Look at it?! It’s terribly dry.
What a nuisance?! Last summer it was very dry, too. Don’t you remember? I had to water it every day.
Well, I’ll have tea by myself.
That was quick?! Have you finished already? Yes, Look out of the window. It’s raining.
That means you needn’t water the garden.
That was a pleasant surprise. It means I can have tea, instead.

I'm broke, and I have to catch another bus.
Why don't you have any money for another bus?
I got hungry and bought some chips.
That was smart.
Anyway, do you have any change I can use for the bus?
I don't have any.
I don't know how I'm going to get home.
Get a transfer from the bus driver.
How much is a transfer?
It doesn't cost anything.
That's great?! Thanks for your help.
You know what? Don't mention it.

Hello, Anna. Come in and sit down.
Hello, doctor.
What's the matter? I've got a backache.
Do you often suffer from backache?
No, I don't. I've never had a bad one before. When did it start?
About four days ago.
Well, go home and rest in bed for two days, then you'll feel better. Can you give me some medicine? It's very painful.
Yes, I'll give you some pills. Take one a time and three times a day, and come back in three days. If you don't feel...

Welcome on board. May I see your boarding pass?
Here you are. Your seat is three, in the third row, near the window.
Thank you. Where can I put my suitcase?
Either in the overhead compartment or underneath the seat.
Everyone's attention, please. We are going to take off. Please fasten your belts.

Hello, madam. How do you like your staying here?
Quite good. Excuse me, are there any places of interest?
Yes, there are so many near our hoteI. Three blocks away from here, there is temple. It's famous for its building and paintings. lt' s worth visiting.
Thank you. I think today we will go there.

You're here to make a deposit, is that correct?
Right. I'd like to deposit 2,000 RIB into my Current Account.
No problem. Could I have the cash and your Bank Book, please?
Oh dear... there seems to be some problems here... What? What's wrong?
I'm sorry but 5 of these notes seem to be counterfeit. Look at this watermark, do you see it?
It does look a little strange, I didn't notice that before.

Hello, sir. Is there anything I can help you find?
Um... Uh... I'm just looking, thanks.
Need a gift for your girlfriend or wife...
No, no, no. I'm just browsing. Thanks anyway.
Well, if you need anything, just ask. Um... well, where's the men's shoe department?
It's on the third floor. Turn left when you get off the escalator.
Thanks.

An idea about killing time on a train?
I advise you to read Playboy.You can get a lot from it.
But there's quite a lot of rumors about it.
That's why it's interesting.

Have you brought the receipt with you?
No, I don't. I left it home.
Sorry, but we can't do anything without the receipt. Come back with it.
I didn't know. I'll go to get it. How late will you be open?
Till 5:30.

I haven't told you what happened yet, have I?
I haven't heard anything.
My boss offered me a promotion, and I took it.
Are you serious?
Yes, I am really excited.
That's great. Congratulations?!
Thank you.
Actually, I could not believe it at first. You know, there're so many outstanding people in our company. Many of them are qualified to fill that position.
Sure, but you really did great and outperformed the others. You deserved it?!
Thank you very much.

I like Chinese food.
I like Chinese food, too. I like dumplings best. At school, we sometimes have Chinese food for lunch.
That's good. We eat Chinese food only at the Chinese restaurant.
My mother can make some Chinese food.
Really? That's wonderful?!

OK. Come back into the classroom, class.
Does the class start again, Mam?
Yes, but to the heath, this break has last long enough.
Oh, breaktime flies. come on, baby. It’s time now.
Mam, another minute, could I?
Hurry up, little boy.

What's the actual flight time from here to San Francisco?
It's about twelve hours.
Can you tell me what time we're arriving?
Sure. Let me see... at 6:15 a. m. local time.
I see. And that'll be 10:15 p. m. Beijing time.

Excuse me, but I'm not feeling too well. I think I'm going to throw up.
There's an airsickness bag behind the seat that's in front of you.
I must've missed it. Is this your first time flying?
Yes. I'm going to San Francisco.
Oh, it's a beautiful city. I think you'll like it.
Hey, I'm feeling much better already.
Sometimes if you don't think about it, that sick feeling will go away on its own.
Thanks.
By the way, my name is Mary.
I'm Frank. Nice to meet you.

Welcome to Al's Bakery. What can I get you?
Hi?! Let me get a dozen croissants, four blueberry muffins and a loaf of sourdough bread.
Sure. Would you like to have the loaf sliced?
No, that's OK. Do you have any whole wheat bread?
We are out at the moment. May I suggest some rye bread?
Sure that sounds good. Do you have any cakes?
We have various birthday cakes and also ice cream cakes.
I'll just take a cheesecake.
Will that be all?
Yes.
Your total is forty three dollars and twenty cents.
You got it.

Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, we are happy you have all come out for our training workshop. Today we have a great line-up of speakers to talk to you. First on our program is a well-renown expert in the field of international economic development, Harvard's own Dr. James Smith. Dr. Smith has been involved in economic research for over twenty years, and has taught at Harvard since 1995. And now, without further adieu, we'd like to welcome Mr. James Smith.
Thank you, Mr. Jackson, ladies and gentlemen, colleagues, friends. The subject of my talk is international relations in a morgen world. I plan to say a few words about the current situation in the Middle East and how it affects world economy. I'd like to give you an overview of the way that the economies of seemingly unrelated countries are intertwined. I've divided my talk into three parts, first an overview of international relations, second a discussion of current political situations, and lastly trends for the future. My presentation will take about two hours, but there will be a twenty-minute break in the middle. We'll stop for lunch at 12.

You're looking rather pale, why?
I couldn't sleep well recently.
You'd get plenty of sleep for you work so hard.
I always drink too much wine in the evening.
You shan't drink more wine in the evening.
Yes, you are right.
And you'd take some exercise every day.
Many thanks for your advice.

Hello Mrs Parker, how have you been?
Hello Dr Peters. Just fine thank you. Ricky and I are here for his vaccines.
Very well. Let's see, according to his vaccination record, Ricky has received his Polio, Tetanus and Hepatitis B shots. He is 14 months old, so he is due for Hepatitis A, Chickenpox and Measles shots.
What about Rubella and Mumps?
Well, I can only give him these for now, and after a couple of weeks I can administer the rest.
OK, great. Doctor, I think I also may need a Tetanus booster. Last time I got it was maybe fifteen years ago?!
We will check our records and I'll have the nurse administer and the booster as well. Now, please hold Ricky's arm tight, this may sting a little.

I’m interested in teaching at your school.
Great. Are you a qualified teacher?
Yes.
What kind of teaching certificate do you have?
I have a TEFL certificate.
How many years of experience do you have?
I have three years of teaching ESL and four years of teaching per-school children.
When did you get your TEFL certificate?
I got my TEFL certificate three years ago.
Why do you want to teach at our school?
Well, I’Ve heard many good things about it. I also like teaching young children.
That’s great. Can you speak Chinese?
Yes, just a little.
Can you come in for an interview tomorrow at 10:00?
I sure can.
Great. See you then.

Why is the car before us stopping?
What's going on? Look. Two cars are standing right in the middle of the road and the drivers are shouting rude words to each other.
That's why that car stops.
More and more people easily get irritated while driving.
Yes. This is what is called road rage.

This is today’s schedule. At 8 thirty AM, conference with the department managers. At 9 o’clock, live for the workshop where you’ll award prizes to the staff for preventatives.
That’s great. What are the prizes?
3000 RIB as bonus for each person. To encourage the staff increases.
Ok. Next thing is laying the corner-stone for the new plant at 10 AM. At 12 AM, back here for lunch. What about the afternoon? At 2 PM, give a presentation here with the press. At four o’clock sharp, have dinner with Mr. Smith, manager of NCC.

This is Lincoln Bank, Consumer Credit Department. How can I help you?
Ah, hello. I'm calling to find out how I apply for a car loan.
We offer a Personal Automobile Consumer Loan. The application process is pretty straight forward. I trust you have enough funds to cover the 20 % down payment?
Yes, I do. It's ready and waiting in my account.
The next step is for us to recommend a dealer to you, who are already contracted to us, so...
Could I just stop you there? Sorry to interrupt, but I have already been to your appointed dealer and selected the car I want.
That will certainly cut down the processing time. We can move on to the next step. Do you have the purchase price?
Yes, it's 110,000 RIB. So, with the down payment done, I will need to borrow 70,000 RIB.
What we need you to do next is to come into the branch with a correctly filled in application form, ID card, proof of residency, proof of income, the agreement from the agent and of course the 20 % down payment.
Yes, I have everything here.
OK, I'll come in and see you later today. Maybe I could have my new car as early as next week?! How exciting?!

Hi, my name is Tom.
Tom, the new sales representative? Nice to meet you?! I'm Melinda.
Nice to meet you too.Melinda. Now let me show you around. This is our reception area, and our conference room is right over there. Over here is the sales department.
Really? This is a nice office, but it's quite small.
Yeah... You can make photocopies and send faxes over there.
It looks like you guys work hard.
I tell you what just between you and me, we just mess things up so that it looks like we work hard.Just kidding.
Oh, your cubicle is over the. And this way. Those are all private offices the managers offices.
Hmm... Tell me more details about our jobs.
Sure thing.

What do you think of our price? Your price has gone up sharply, hasn't it?
Yes. We regret we cannot maintain our original price. Since the prices of the raw materials have been raised, we have to adjust the price of our products accordingly.
I agree with you there, but your price is unreasonable.
I don't think so. You must compare our price with that of other export houses. I'm sure our offer is in line with the prevailing market price level.
I don't think we'll be able to pay the price.
To have this business concluded, you need to lower your price at least by 3 %.
I’m afraid that there is no room for any reduction in price.
Don't you agree with me that in the long run, moderate prices will bring about large sales and more profit?
We've already cut down our price to cost level.
Is that all?
Yes, this is the best we can do.
I'm sorry we can't handle the price you offered.

So, Jimmy, how does it feel to have your own money?
It’s great, dad. I don’t mind delivering papers, but the real fun is collecting the money.
Even though you are only twelve, it’s not too early to start saving a little money.
I’Ve never had a bank account before. Why don’t I just keep my money under the matters like grandpa does?
You know you would spend it. And also, money in the bank earns interest.
But what if I need my money suddenly?
The bank will give you a PIN, and you can withdraw money from any ATM.
Great?! So it’s almost the same as keeping it under the matters?!
Not quite. You have to maintain a minimum balance of twenty dollars. And sometimes the bank has service charges. But you don’t have to worry about that yet. Let’s go make your first depot OK.
Guess I have to do that before. I can make money my first withdrawal.

Is this where I can catch a bus to the theater?
Yes, but you can't get there with out a change.
Which bus do I have to change?
You have to get off at the hospital and change for bus 15.
I see. Thank you.

Here we are, Joan. This is the Palace museum, also known as the Forbidden city.
Oh, how splendid?! Can you take a picture of me here?
Sure.

Excuse me. I'm afraid I got lost. Where am I on this map?
We are here, bus station, we are in the heart of the city.
Oh?! Can I go from here to the Zhongshan Park?
Head straight up the street about two blocks then turn right.

Tony, could you tell me if there are any special rules about the job?
Working hours are from 8: 30 a. m. to 5:00 p. m. Be sure not to be late or absent. Report to the manager by filling in the' Monthly Report' every month.
Is there anything else? How about my salary?
Our company has a strict and reasonable salary standard. On the 20th day of every month, you can get your salary on time. Benefits depend upon the length of service and the employee's past attendance record.
Wow, thank you for telling me these. Do you mind telling me something else, like attendance record, holiday, and how to ask for leave?
All new members are likely to ask the same questions. Haha.
I can understand that. Every month you have three days off, besides the weekends and some important holidays. After you've been here for a year, you qualify for a one-week vacation. The leave less than a half-day should predict for an hour, and more than a half-day should predict three days.
Okay, that's good. I get it.

Kate, you never believe what's happened.
What do you mean?
Masha and Hero are getting divorced.
You are kidding. What happened?
Well, I don't really know, but I heard that they are having a separation for 2 months, and filed for divorce.
That's really surprising. I always thought they are well matched.
What about the kids? Who get custody?
Masha, it seems quiet and makable, no quarrelling about who get the house and stock and then contesting the divorce with other details worked out.
That's the change from all the back stepping we usually hear about.
Well, I still can't believe it, Masha and Hero, the perfect couple.
When would they divorce be final?
Early in the New Year I guess.

Overseas operator. I would like to make a collect call to Taipei, Taiwan, please.
Your name, please.
Tim Chen.
What's the number, please.
The area code is 2, and the number is 2367-9960.
The line is connected. Please go ahead.

Hello. Excuse me.
Yes. Can I help you? Do you remember me? I just had lunch here a half hour ago.
Of course I remember you.
I think I lost my wallet here.
Oh, no. Really? I didn't see anything.
Really? You didn't find a wallet?
No, I didn't.
Would you like to go look by the table with me?
Yes, I would.
It's not here. And it's not on the floor.Has anyone sat at this table since we left?
No. It's been empty the whole time.
Hmm. I don't know how it could have happened.
I remember, sir, that your friend took the bill.You didn't pay for the lunch yourself, did you?
No. My friend did.
Then are you sure you took your wallet out of your pocket while you were here?
No, I'm not sure. But I usually take out my wallet when I sit down.It' s uncomfortable to sit on it. So I usually put it next to me on the table.
Maybe you lost it before you came here. Or maybe you left it at home.
I don't think it's at home. I think I had it when I left the house.But what should I do?
Well, the first thing you should do is make sure it's not at home.Then, if it isn't, you need to call your credit card companies and cancel your cards. Next, you need to replace whatever you lost, your driver's license, things like that.
Should I call the police?
You can if you want. But the police usually don't do anything about lost wallets.
Hmm. I'll go home and check. Maybe you're right. Maybe it's at home.
I'm sorry we couldn't find it, sir.
Thanks for your help.

Good morning, young lady. You can call me Ma. Do you see anything you like?
Yes. Many things?! I especially love this beautiful quilt.
That quilt was passed down to me from my ma in Holland.
It sounds like a special quilt. Why do you want to sell it?
Well, this home is too big for me now, so I'm moving to an apartment that is much smaller. Therefore, I need to part with a few things.
Oh, I see. Umm, how much do you want for the quilt?
Is fifteen dollars OK?

Have you got change for a thousand?
Let me see.

May I come in, Mr Sun?
I’d rather you didn’t, Miss Yang. I’m very busy now.
Can I try later then?
Yes, of course.
Is it all right for me to come in now, Mr Sun?
Well, uh... I’m still pretty busy, but... all right. Come in.
What can I do for you?
Do you mind if I sit down?
Not at all. Take a seat. Now what can I do for you?
I want to leave the department. Do you think I could put info a transfer?
Yes.
But why should you want to do that?
Do you mind if I speak frankly?
Not at all. Go ahead.
Well. You see, I don’t like the office. I don’t like the staff. And I’m afraid of you. And I don’t want to go one. So may I put info a transfer?
Yes. I’d be delighted if you did.

Where is that? Take me to the airport, please.
Are you in a hurry?
I have to be there before 17 o'clock.
We'll make it except a jam. You know it's rush hour.
There's an extra ten in it for you if you can get me there on time.
I'll do my best.
Here's twenty dollars. Do you have small bills?
No. If you can't break it, keep the change. But can you give me a receipt?
Here is your receipt.
Thank you.

Recently I have been getting headache and my eyes don't seems to see focus properly.
When did you last time have your eyes checked?
Two years ago. At that time I had no problems.Now I can’t even make out something ten meters away.
Come over here. I will test your eyes. First cover your left eye like this, and when I point, please read the chart from the top, and go as far as you can, telling me which way the “ E ” points.
All right. Good.Now the other eye. Well, this one is worse.
Never mind, just read as far as you can.
I can only read the first three lines.

Is there a car park near the supermarket?
Yes, there is an underground car park near the supermarket.
I see. Thanks.

Oh, come on, Ultraman?! What's up, Bro? What's in the bulletin?
It says that there will be a blackout from 5 p. m. to 7 p. m. in our neighborhood today.
Blackout? Even the TV has the limit. Don't you know you will look like a monster in the blackout?
Oops, no, Daddy can't watch American Idol, either?! That's not the point.
Come on, can you imagine that there will be no electricity on such a hot day? Oh, my god?! No air-conditioner?!
OK, since you are the smart one, can you come up with a better plan? So that we won't be baked like cookies here.
How about playing Barbie out there in the neighborhood?
Barbie? You know, I might be seven, but I'm not a girl.
Do you have a better plan?
All right, all right.

Yes, ma'am, how could I help you?
I am wondering if you do facial care?
Yes, we do.
How much would it be?
From 200 to 800.
I'm afraid 800 is too expensive for me. Could you recommend something around 300?
No problem.

Can I help you, Miss?
I would like to order 2 office-style cabinets and desk calendars. We want office-style cabinets in white. The catalogue number is 90-f-2356.
How soon do you want it?
Could you deliver it tomorrow?
No problem. Please handle the items carefully.
Certainly.
We will pay by collect on delivery.

I hate to do this to you, Alice, but I’m going to have to ask you to put in some more overtime.
Does it have to be this afternoon, Mr. Fairbanks? I’Ve already made plans.
Well, I would have preferred to do it today, but if you’Ve already made plans, we can do it tomorrow.
I’d appreciate that, sir. How long do you think you’ll need me to stay?

What’s your attitude when do wrong things at work?
The buck stops here.

Hello?! Is your company advertising for administrative assistant on the newspapers?
Well, Administrative assistant with shorthand and typing skills are badly needed here.
First I want to check about the availability and see if you could give me more information.
The position calls for a person with some working experience. We must be able to benefit from your analytical and interpersonal skills. Can you deliver your resume to us first?
Of course. I will deliver my resume to you in minutes' time. I hope you will consider my application and I shall appreciate a reply at your earliest convenience.
OK. I will call you soon. Bye now.
Bye.

Just as the saying goes, every potter praises his own pot. You should pay special attention to selling yourself properly in the interview. It is especially important for the graduates who step into the job market for the first time. You'd better prepare what you are going to say in advance, in order to have a good performance in the interview. The contents should be mainly descriptions of your background. And the length depends on the particular situation. Only when you are aware of what the interviewer will be interested in, can you make a targeted preparation. To sell yourself successfully, you should leave the interviewer a deep impression. Selling yourself should go straight to the point, and the statement should be clear and brief. It should also be truthful and realistic. Do not blindly blow your own horn. You should particularly state your strong points which are closely related to the position you are applying for. While you should not omit your weak points, they need to be described appropriately Time permitted, you could add certain examples to your description. Besides, in the interview, it is best that you make corresponding adjustments to apply your prepared contents flexibly.

Hello?
Hi, Deborah?! This is John. I'm calling from Australia.
What are you doing in Australia?
I'm attending a conference in Sydney this week. Remember?
Oh, right. What time is it there?
It's 10:00 P. M. And it's four o'clock in Los Angeles, right?
Yes - four o'clock in the morning.
4:00 A. M.? I'm really sorry.
That's OK. I'm awake now.

John hasn't turned up and Stefan is ill. Do we have anyone on stand-by?
I'm afraid not, we're very short-staffed at the moment.
Can you ask the shift supervisor to ask one of his team to do some overtime?
Perhaps Tommy can stand in for an hour or two until we find a replacement.

Jack, let’s go?! Oh, you are out of breath?! What happened?
Some people are wildly shooting on the next street. We must leave here as soon as possible?!
Take it easy. They will get caught.

Hello. May I speak to Jerry, please?
Sorry, but he is out for lunch right now.
I see. Can you give me some idea how long he'll be back?
I think he will be back around 2:00. If you like, please leave your name and phone number, I'll have him call you as soon as he comes back.
That's nice. My name is Steven, my phone number is 6789777.
Okay, I'll be waiting for his call. Thank you and bye?!
My pleasure, bye?!

Excuse me, Miss. What can I do for you?
I've just heard an announcement that my flight has been delayed.
What's your flight number?
Flight CA216 to Chengdu.
Yes, it's true. It has been delayed.
Could you please tell me why?
Yes, of course. The delay is due to heavy rain.
How long will the delay be? Do you have any further information about it?
I am sorry, we don't know the extent of the delay at present. But according to the latest weather forecast, there will be a change in weather soon. We have to wait.
Well, is it possible for the rain to stop before noon?
It's hard to say. Weather is so changeable in the summer. Please listen to the latest announcement about your flight.
Yes, I will. Thanks a lot. Bye?!
Bye

What are we going to do? I can't get the car out of this ditch. I'm stuck?!
I'm worried, Tom. I haven't seen any other cars for almost an hour.
I know. This is terrible. What can we do? This snow doesn't stop falling?!
I told you we should have stayed in town today.The weather report said 100 percent chance of snow.Why did you want to come up here?
I wanted to show you the cabin. We only had another half-hour to go.
Well, now we're stuck. What can we do?
I don't know. I've heard that when this happens, it's important to save energy.
What do you mean? We're stranded here, Tom. We may be here a long time.We need to conserve the gas in the car. The car's energy is what will keep us warm.
I have plenty of gas.
Yes, but the gas and the battery both have to stay working.We can't just let the car run and run.If we do, it will die soon. Then we'll freeze.
So what can we do?
Turn the lights off.Then, run the car and the heater only about fifteen minutes every hour.That will conserve the heat as long as possible.
Alright. That's a good idea. I wish we hadn't come up here. Now we'll probably be here for days.
Days?
Yes, it happens.That is what happens in big snowstorms. People get stranded for days.
Oh, my God?! It's good we have food. Probably we'll survive.But turn the car off for about forty-five minutes. Then we'll turn it on again.

Hey, buddy, can’t you see there’s a line?
Oh, sorry. I didn’t know.
What? You haven’t taken the bus before?
No, I’m afraid not.
Well, you have to wait in line like everyone else. Besides, you should let old people on first.
Sorry.
It’s all right. Where are you going?
I wanted to see the White House.
Oh, well you don’t want this bus, anyway. It goes to Georgetown.
Oh, no. It’s all right, though. Just get off at the next stop and catch the 79A.
Oh, well thank you very much.
You’re welcome.

Can I help you?
I'd like the double cheese burger meal, please.
What kind of drink would you like with that?
Just coke will be fine.
Would you like a super size meal? Only 2 RIB more, you'll get large coke and fries instead of medium. And today we are offering free toys all the meal boxes.
That sounds good, thanks, I'd like that. Actually I'd like sprite instead of coke, thanks.
That's not a problem, Miss. Will that be it?
Yes, that's all. That will be 25RMB, please
You got it.

Do you have any night tours?
Yes, we will depart in 10 minutes.
Is that a guided tour?
Yes, it is.
That's fine. Let's get on the bus.

I am sure we will make it up as soon as possible.
That's nice. We hope this matter will not affect our good relations in our future dealings.
Of course not. We have cooperated for a long time.

I would like to purchase some meat.
What kind of meat would you like to get today?
First off, I'm going to need a pound of ground beef.
A pound of ground beef is $ 2.48.
That's perfect. What else will you be needing?
I'm also going to need three pounds of chicken breasts.
The chicken breasts cost $ 4.05 per pound. What's the total price for the chicken?
It's going to be $ 12.15.
Okay, I think that will be all for me today.

I think you know already that I want to discuss the represent - ton for your alarm clocks.
Yes, Mr. Bergeron. You mentioned that in your letter.
To tell you the truth, your proposal surprised us.
Is that so?
Anyhow I want to go over the details with you in person, so you can give my suggestion thorough consideration.
Our firm specializes in this line of business. We have six sales representatives, who are on the road all the time, covering the whole of the European market.
Do you sell direct to shops?
Yes, we specialize in handling clocks and watches of all sorts. We have well established channels of distribution and we canvass the retailers direct, without any middlemen.
Do you keep a stock of these things?
In some cases, such as the wristwatches, which always have a steady market, we keep a stock in London and act as distributors as well as agents. Generally, however, we pass on the orders of our clients to the manufacturers for supply. We are paid for our service, of course.
That is, your commission.
Yes, our commission is very reasonable. We usually get a 10 % commission of the amount on every deal. Our agents in other areas usually get a 3-5 % commission. The European market is not familiar with your products. You have competitors from Japan and other continental countries. At the beginning of our campaign, there is sales resistance to overcome, we must send out salesmen to do a lot of traveling and spend a considerable amount of money on advertising in news - papers and TV programs. A 10 % commission will not leave us much.
According to your estimate, what is the maximum annual turn - over you can fulfill, in round figures, of course?
We will always do our utmost to enlarge the business, as our remuneration increases with the turnover, but we will not guar - ante anything, at least not to begin with.
We appreciate very much your intention to push the sale of our products. But our suggestion to you, Mr. Bergeron, as a preliminary step, is to do a little research into the market...
Do you mean to say you refuse us the agency?
Mr. Bergeron, you leave us no alternative. We can not give you an exclusive agency of the whole European market without having the slightest idea of your possible annual marketing turnover. Besides our price is worked out according to the costing. A 10 % commission means an increase in our price. We must have the reaction of the buyers in this respect.
Oh, that's just too bad. I intended to make great efforts in selling your products.
Well, we can still carry on our business relationship without the agreement. To start the ball rolling, we will provide you with price lists, catalogues and some samples. Only when you have a thorough knowledge of the marketing possibilities of our products, can we then discuss further details.
Ah, Mrs. Miller, but in this case am I covered?
Oh, yes. We will give you a 5 % commission on every transaction.
All right, but I'll be back again for the Autumn Fair. And then I hope we can see eye to eye about our commission and the terms of the agency.
Very good. We will discuss the matter again at the next Fair.

Excuse me, I’m sorry to trouble you. My name is Susan Ransom, and I have placed several orders with you company.
Yes, Mr. Ransom? This is Karl Miller. How may I help you?
Well, I wonder if you could track an order I placed with you last month. It hasn’t arrived yet.
Certainly, Ms. Ransom. Do you have an order number?

Have you worked out the offers. Mr. Thou?
Yes, we have. Here's our CIF quotation sheet. Please have a careful look.
Are the prices on the list firm offers?
Yes. All the quotations on the list are subject to our final confirmation.
I wonder whether there are any changes in your prices.
All these products are our best-selling lines. The prices of our products will change according to that of the international market demand. And we are always open to negotiate, especially on larger orders.
What do you have in mind?
How long does your offer remain valid?
I need some time to get my supervisors on board with this plan.
I understand. Our offer remains open for 4 days.

Hello sir, may I help you?
Yeah, I accidentally dropped my phone in the toilet.
I see. Well, you have come to the right place. We have over one hundred models of more than twenty leading mobile phone manufacturers.
Sounds good. I don’t want it to be too expensive, maybe something mid-range.
We have this new ETC smart phone.It comes with the Android OS so you can download applications. It also has a built-in camera, mp3 player and touch screen. It works on the 3G network so you have fast access to the internet wherever you are.
What about Wi-fi?
Of course?! You can access the internet from any hotspot as well as from home.
One last thing. Is it waterproof?

We have been over this a hundred times?! We are not getting a pet?!
Why not? Come on?! Just a cute little puppy or a kitty?!
Who is going to look after a dog or a cat?
I will?! I’ll feed it, bathe it and walk it every day?! We can get a Labrador or a German Shepard?!
What if we want to take a vacation? Who will we leave it with? Plus, our apartment is too small for that breed of dog.
Ok. How about we get a cat or a ferret?
We’re planning on having children soon, I don’t think those animals are a good idea with a baby in the house.
Fine?! Let’s get a bird then?! We can keep it in its cage and teach it to talk?! A parrot would be awesome?!
I’ll tell you what, I can get you some hamsters and we’ll take it from there.
Yay?!

Good evening, Mr. Lee and thank you for choosing our airline. We have just discovered that this flight is overbooked. Would you like to volunteer to give up your seat?
Overbooked? Give up my seat? I don’t understand.
From time to time we have a situation in which there are more passengers than there are seats on the aircraft. That’s overbooked.
I know what overbooked is, I just don’t understand how that could happen?
Actually it’s a common practice to overbook, as passengers often don’t take their flight as scheduled. Most of the time there is no problem but today, more passengers arrived than we have seats,
So who has to stay behind?
Well, first we ask for volunteers. If someone like yourself volunteers, they receive a free round trip ticket to be used within one year. If no one volunteers we just have to select someone.
Ok. I’ll volunteer. I could use a free ticket?!

I want to rent this apartment.
I’m glad to hear that. How much are you asking?
You will have to pay $ 1050 every month.
I can’t afford that. What can you afford?
I was thinking $ 800 a month.
I’ll need you to pay more than that. How much more?
How does $ 900 every month sound to you?
I can live with that. We have a deal then.

Good morning, Miss Monica. Nice to meet you again?!
Good morning, Mr. Thomas, it is nice to see you too. After the internal discussion, we have all agreed that you are the most suitable person for this position among all the candidates. So, today let’s talk about your expected salary and social benefits. What is your expected salary?
I’Ve worked in the field for more than 4 years. Depend on my work qualifications and experience, I would like to have 5000 Yuan to start.
The basic salary for your position in our company would be 4800 Yuan to start with increases giving according to your performance.
It is a bit lower than I expected. But I can accept that.
What are the working hours?
40 hours a week, Monday to Friday, 9 AM to 5 PM with one hour lunch break every day..
Do I have to work on weekend? If so, how do you pay for the overtime?
We do expect overtime work when it is necessary, but we pay twice of the work hour for working on weekends and three times for working on national holidays like Spring Festival and the Mid-Autumn Day.
Is there probation?
No probation is involved. If you feel good, you can start next week.

Welcome to the McDonald's. What will it be for you, madam?
One Big Mac and French Fries.
Is there anything else?
Give me one coke, please.
Is this to go or to eat here?
To go, please.
That comes to four dollars and ten cents.
And can I have some ketchup, please?
It's on the service counter over there. Please go to help yourself.

What's the name of this street?
University Street.
Do you know of any banks near here?
You'll see one at the corner on your right.

Hey there, you look a little lost. Are you new here?
Yeah how’d you know?
You can always spot the newbies. I can give you a few pointers if you want. Were you trying to use this machine here?
Yeah?! I just started my training today and I’m not really sure where to begin.
It’s ok, I know how it is. This machine here will work out your upper body, mainly your triceps and biceps. Are you looking to develop strength or muscle tone and definition?
Well, I don’t want to be ripped like you?! I just want a good physique with weights and Carpio.
In that case you want to work with less weight. You can start off by working ten to fifteen reps in four sets. Five kilo weights should be enough. Now it’s very important that you stretch before pumping iron or you might pull a muscle.
Got it?!
Wow is that the weight you are lifting? My goodness that’s a lot of weight?!
It’s not that much. Just watch... I’m ok...

Excuse me.Could you tell me how to return to the Hilton Hotel? I am afraid I lost my way.
Do you have a hotel card or something? Let's see.Yes, I have the address and telephone number here.
Oh, you're staying at the downtown Hilton.Then, you go down two blocks this way and turn left.You' ll find it on the right.
Well, I don't understand it very well.Will you draw me a map?

Excuse me, but could you tell me the way to the railway station?
The railway station? Just go down this street and turn left at the second corner. The station is at the end of that street.
How long will it take me to get there?
It's about a ten-minute walk.
That's very clear. I think I can find my way now. Thank you.
Not at all.

How does the political system work in your country?
We have hundreds of constituencies and the voters in each one elect a member of parliament. Most people call them mp’s.
Each mp belongs to a political party, right?
Almost all of them do. A few are independent. That means that they do not belong to a party.
If one party more than half of the mp’s. they form a government. That means that they choose a prime Finist
What’s a cabinet?
This is a small group of people-perhaps 25 mp’s who are usually ministers. They make all the big decision and discuss laws and policy.
Can any mp make a law?
Any mp can present a law to parliament. The proposed law is debated and voted on. If it is accepted, it becomes law.
I suppose a proposed a law needs the support of the big political parties.
Yes, it does, because they have most of the mp’s. most mp’s vote the way their party wants them to.
How do people choose which party or candidate to vote for?
They produce manifesto. These documents which states their policies. Some people just vote for the same party every time there is an election. Voters who often change the party they vote for are Calle

How was your interview?
Pretty good. The HR manager asked me the usual questions. Then he wondered why I had decided to leave my previous job.
What did you say?
I told him that I hadn’t got a raise for three years. I also told him that one of my best co-workers quitted her job because she had not been promoted for eight years.
Did he want to know the reasons?
Yes. I told him that my boss made some excuses of the recession. But I thought he had a pattern and a record of promoting men only. That’s sex discrimination.
When will you get the reply?
In a couple of days, I was told.
Wish you good luck?!
Thank you.

What qualities do you think a senior executive should possess?
Generally speaking, he needs creativity, the ability to communicate, sense of personal responsibilities, the ability to solve problems and so on.
Do you have all these qualities?
Yes, I have all of them. I am totally competent to be a senior executive.

Hi. I need more amenities, please.
Could you be a little more specific, sir?
Well, to be more specific, the free stuff, like soap, lotion, and shampoo.
I understand. Now, you're saying that you've already used up all your amenities?
Oh, no?! I've got all I need for my stay here.
So, what's the problem?
I need souvenirs?!
You want some souvenirs?!
Yes, yes. Souvenirs.
But, sir, our souvenir shop carries all those items.
That's not the same thing. If you buy hotel souvenirs, they have no sentimental value.
I understand, sir. I'll call housekeeping. You'll have your souvenirs shortly.

Hello, may I help you?
Yes.We' re interested in seeing the rooms for rent.
Oh, how nice.They' re bright rooms and the house is very quiet.
A nice quiet house is exactly what we're looking for.
Well, gentleman.Each room is $ 40 a week if you think that's OK.
That sounds just wonderful to us. When do you want to move in?
How about this afternoon?
Fine. I'll be expecting you around two.

Are you ready to order? May I suggest a veal?
No, I'll have the fish please.
The chicken is also nice.
No, I want the fish.
Our special tonight is lobster.
Thank you, but I prefer the fish.
Perhaps you'd enjoy the lamb.
No, I like the fish.
What ever you say?

Am I ever hungry? When will supper be ready?
It's almost ready. Can you set the table?
All right. Want to taste this dish?
Yeah. Oh, it's delicious?! Really?
Definitely. It's a wonderful meal.
Thank you, Honey. If you like to help me do the dishes, I'll be more dreadful.
I wish I could, but I won't.

Good morning, Kate. Long time no see.
Good morning, Vera, Nice to meet you.
Kate, I know you’Ve been a stewardess for more than one year. And I’ll have an interview on stewardess tomorrow. Can you tell me some etiquette about the interview?
Of course. First you should do up your long hair and do make up but not too thick.
Is there anything else I should pay attention to?
Yes, when you attend the interview, you should pay attention to your manner, style of conversation and expression. You should keep smiling always, being polite when you talk with the interviewer. Don't move from time to time when you sit there. And you also should know how to use eye contact.
Thank you, I've learned so much from you.
That’s all right. Hope you can do better tomorrow.

Can you fix me a cup of tea, Johnny?
Well... uh... how about a glass of juice instead?
No. I'd like tea. Can you put it in my favorite cup? You probably washed it...
Oh, yeah. Well, uh, about your mug... I'll find it...
Where are all the floral pattern plates? And dad's Yankee's mug?

Good morning, sir. May I help you?
Yes, I'd like to settle my bill.
Certainly sir. May I have your room key, please?
Sure. Here you are.
Just a moment, please. I'll draw up your bill for you... Thank you for waiting, sir. Your bill totals two thousand six hundred and fifty-eight yuan, including the phone and laundry.
That much?! Would you mind letting me have a look at it?
Not at all, sir. Here you are.
Thanks. Well, It seems to be right. How much is that in dollars, please?
Just a moment, sir. I'll calculate that for you. It comes to 305 dollars and 52 cents at today's exchange rate.
I see. OK. How would you like to make the payment?
In cash, please.
Here you are.
Thank you, sir... Here is your change. Could you check it, please? Thank you for choosing our hotel. I hope you enjoyed your stay.
By the way, please forward my mail to this address.
Certainly, sir. We hope you have a good trip.

Hi, Sam. I want to buy a pet. Do you have any ideas?
You really should go to Rachel's pet store.
why? anything special there?
it's more than special. You can find as many kinds of animals as you can put a name to and more.
Oh, really? are there any snakes?
snakes? there are even rodents and monkeys?! it's a world of exotic pets.
that's terrific. I can't wait to check it out.
Hang on. are you sure you want to keep a non-traditional pet?
why not? it's so cool.
but it will pose a risk to your health.
pardon?
i mean, most reptiles carry some harmful bacteria. they are likely to cause immune system problems.
well, I didn't realize that. I don't believe it's a good choice to keep those pets, especially for families with young children.
oh, I should have thought of my brother's baby girl. Maybe I'll just have a dog instead of an exotic pet.
yes, good luck, Maria.

I’m a new student. My name’s Robert. Nice to meet you.
My name’s Sophie. Are you French?
Yes, I’m. Are you French, too?
No, I’m not. What nationality are you?
I’m Italian. Are you a teacher?
No, I’m not. What’s your job?
I’m a keyboard operator. What’s your job?
I’m an engineer.

I can’t believe Obama is our President.
I am proud to know that he is our President.
You voted for him, right?
Did you vote for him, because I know that I did.
I did, too. I have nothing but faith in Obama.
Really? I’m sure he will help better America.
We do need some change in this country.
Our country is already changing as it is.
You’re absolutely right. I trust that he will take good care of our country.

Do you have a reservation, sir?
No, I’m afraid we don’t.
I’m sorry the restaurant is full now. You have to wait for about half an hour. Would you like to have a drink at the lounge until there’s a table available.
No, thanks, I’ll come back later. May I reserve a table for two?
Yes, of course. May I have your name, sir?
Bruce
By the way, can we have a table by the window?
we’ll try to arrange it, but I can’t guarantee sir.
That’s fine.
your table's ready, sir? Please step this way.

Do you have coffee shops in China, too?
Yes, of course. There are many tea houses and bars in China, too. People can drink, eat and relax at these places.
You like to go to these places, don’t you?
Yes, sometimes the music there is so beautiful. It is very romantic. I can stay there for hours.
Do you often go there alone?
No, I often go there with my friends.

Hi there?! I am looking for a new car. I have this old Ford Pinto that I would like to trade in.
I see. You are in luck this month because all of our models are on sale?! it is a perfect time to buy a new car since it’s the end of the year.
Perfect?!
I like this one.
That is the Ford Focus. A very light but powerful vehicle. It comes with dual side airbags, power steering and power windows, tinted windows and your choice of either automatic or manual transmission.
Sounds like a good car?! How many miles to the gallon?
It is a very fuel efficient vehicle giving you about 34 miles in the city and 40 on the highway.
That is really convenient. Especially now that fuel prices are so high?!
What’s under the hood?
A very powerful 2.5- liter turbocharged engine, Trust me, this car is fast?!
Now for the most difficult question. What is the price tag for this lovely vehicle?
Very affordable mam. You can take it out of this lot today with 0 % down payment and no interest for the first year?! You can test drive it now and we can sign the papers when we get back.
Great?! Let’s do it?!

I wonder if you could help me, I'm looking for a room.
Well, I have got a vacancy.
What sort of price are you asking?
Eight dolls fifty a week excluding laundry.
Would it be convenient to see the room?
Can you call back later? We're right in the middle of lunch.

Could you give me an expense report? I would like to attach the invoices for my phone bill this season.
Here you are. Do you need glue?
That is very kind of you. I’m just running out of glue.
You’re welcome.

IBA, Jane speaking. How can I help you?
Hello. I'd like to speak to someone regarding my card.
Sorry, I'm not quite sure if I understand. In what way, Sir? Has your card been stolen?
No, no. Nothing at all like that. It's just that I applied for a credit card with you a while ago, my application was accepted, but I'm still waiting for my card.
Oh, I see, Sir. Well, it does take 5 working days to issue and post the card.
Yes, my application was accepted last Friday. Now it's Wednesday, that's more than 5 days.
Sorry, Sir, but it's 5 working days. This does not include weekends, so your card should be with you later this week.
Of course?! How silly of me?! Yes, 5 working days would mean this Friday, at the earliest.
I see. I'm sorry to trouble you.
It's no trouble at all, Sir. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nothing, thanks. I again apologise for the misunderstanding, bye for now.

What can I do for you, sir?
We'd like to order breakfast for tomorrow morning.
Yes, sir. What would you like?
Orange juice, scrambled eggs, bacon, toast and coffee.
OK, and when shall I bring it here?
About seven thirty.By the way, could you also bring me tomorrow's papers?
Of course, sir.

What shall we do when we find a shortage in the shipment?
You should do one of the two things - either to lodge a claim with the shipowner or with the insurance company.
Shall we leave it to the brokers?
Yes. They usually do it. Do they charge for that?
Of course. In Europe, they charge a commission of 1 % of the amount of the claim for their service.
Is it the same in America?
They do the work without charge to the importer. It's part of their service, isn't it?
Exactly. Is it enough to claim with an on board bill of lading?
No, you must also obtain a statement from the shipping agent certifying that the goods were actually loaded on their vessel for shipment.
I see. By the way, how do we prove the ownership of our goods?
You must provide full original set of ocean bills of lading original insurance policy or certificate and the original commercia invoice.
I see. Thank you.
You are welcome.

I'll be on business for a couple of days, could you take care of your sister?
OK, Mum, when will you be back?
I'll be back in ten days.

Passport, please, madam.
Just a minute, please. It's in my bag. Here it is.
Thank you. Please fill out the Baggage Declaration Form.
All right. Shall I enter all my belongings?
No, only the articles listed on the Declaration.

I’m hungry, let’s go grab a bite to eat.
Yeah me too.
Oh?! Can we stop at the shop really fast? I lost my makeup bag at the airport and I want to pick up a few things.
Will you take long?
No?! Five minutes I promise?!
Come on?! We have been here for almost an hour?! I thought you said you were only going to get a few things?! How long does it take you to pick out a lipstick and some nail polish?!
Are you crazy? You have no idea what you are talking about?! Just for my eyes I have to get eye-liner, an eyelash curler, eye shadow, an eyebrow pencil and mascara. Then I need to get foundation, liquid foundation.
Whoa whoa whoa?! Are you nuts? How much is all this going to cost? I’m looking at the price at each one of these little things and it’s outrageous?! This is basically a crayon?!
What about you? You spend as much or more money on your razors, after shave, cologne and gel?! Not to mention how much you spend on clothes and...
Fine?! Get the stupid thirty dollar crayon?!

Can I borrow five bucks?
No?!
Come on?! I'll pay you back on Tuesday.
Last time I lent you money, you never paid me back.
I promise if you lend me five dollars today, I will repay you in full next week.
Ok, but I'm taking your skateboard as collateral.
Fine?! I can't believe you don't trust me.
It's nothing personal, just business.

May I help you, sir?
Yes, please. I'm looking for a cotton polo shirt.
Any particular colour?
Not really. How about this one?
I like the design, but don't particularly care for the colour. Do you have that in other colours, too?
Well, they come in white, pale yellow, aqua, red and green. Will a white one do?
Yes. I prefer white - and may I see a pale yellow one, too?
Why, of course. Let's see... White... Pale yellow. Here you are, sir.

I’m so surprised to meet you in this remote village. Long time no see.
Yeah. How are you these days?

You look terrific and in good shape.
Thank you. How do you keep fit?
I do yoga twice a weeks
Yoga? It sounds interesting.
It was hard at the beginning, but now feel it's really relaxing. It makes me flexible.
Anything else?
Yes, I often go swimming. Are you interested in swimming?
Yes, I like it very much.

Are you going home now?
No, I'm not. What are you going to do? Are you going to work late?
No, I'm not. I'm going to look for an apartment.
An apartment? Why?
I'm going to try to find a place near the office.
Where are you living now?
Out in the suburbs. It's a long trip to work every day.
How are you going to find an apartment?
I'm going to buy a newspaper and check the classified ads.
Apartments in the city are expensive.
I know, but I'm going to enroll in a night school to take a course in business management.

no, no, you helped me with my computer last week. I want to repay the favor.
no, it's definitely my turn to treat you... you paid last time?!
oh, that was just a quick bite to eat---that doesn't count?!
ok, ok, how about we just go Dutch?
It's settled.
Listen, I'm still pretty new around here, would it be alright if you found the restaurant?
ok... sure.

I am waiting for a fax but just now I found there’s something wrong with the fax machine.
What’s wrong with the fax machine? Is it urgent?
Yes, very urgent. And there is no other fax machine around. And the office of our boss is closed, so I can not use his machine either. And his secretary is out. Do you have any suggestion?
Either call this extension number 0085 or ask them to send the fax to you as e-mail, you print it out.

Hey, Jim. It's time to wake up and get out of bed.
Do I have to get up now?
You'd better get up, or you'll be late.
What're you talking about? My alarm even hasn't gone off yet.
Yes, it did. It went off thirty minutes ago. You slept right through it. You're like a dead person while you sleep.
I must have slept right through it.
Rise and shine?! Sleepyhead?!
Just let me sleep five more minutes.
The early bird gets the worm.
I know, I know. But I don't want any worms. Ha?! Ha?!
If you don't make an effort now, later on it'll be a lot tougher for you.

What shall we do tonight?
How about the cinema?
That's a good idea. We haven't seen a film for ages. What would you like to see?
Oh I don't know. Titanic?
Titanic? That old film? but I've seen it before?!

I’Ve been told you might have a vacant room.
Yes. I have a spare room.
How much are you asking?
10.00 dollars a night.
Could I see the room, please?
Sure.Come on in.

Sit down, please. What's wrong with you?
I feel cold, and I'm shivering. I have a terrible headache and a sore throat.
How long have you been like that?
About a day.
Let me have a look at your throat first. Please open your mouth and say " ah ".
Ah... And show me your tongue... Thank you. That'll do. You have slight tonsillitis, and your throat is inflamed. How is your appetite?
Not so good. Now, let me take your temperature. Please put this thermometer under your armpit and let me feel your pulse? Your pulse is weak.
Do I have a temperature, doctor?
Yes, you have a high fever. I'd like to give you a blood test.

Yikes?! What was that noise?
I had to blow my nose.
Did you have to blow right next to the phone? Did you hear that?
Of course I heard that. I thought a plane had crashed into your house.
It wasn't that loud.
I will blow my nose sometime for you, and you'll see.
Okay. I'll take your word for it. I thought you had an elephant in your house.
You're funny.
What did you say? I think I've gone deaf.
I'm going into the bathroom to blow my nose. I'll be right back.

Can I have the check please?
Right away, sir.
Is this amount correct?
Yes, sir, it is.
Thank you, the service was good
Please come again.

Nowadays fewer and fewer people go to the movie theaters to see films. So I am afraid that the film studios are really getting hard time to survive.
What you said is true. But the film producers there are more flexible ways to get more audience. For example, to make more movie Ccds, so people will spend money buying them. But it is true that cinemas are losing the attraction they used to have in the past.
Yes. Take myself for example. I seldom go to cinemas, but it doesn't mean I no longer see films ; instead, I see films at home-watching Ccds.

Okay, well I’m sure you have a number of questions to ask me regarding the position.
Yes, well Miss Childs did give mean overview of the position over the phone, but there were some details I’d like to clarify.
Well feel free to ask me anything, and I’ll try to fill in the details. Could I first ask about the remuneration package?
Yes, of course. That’s quite an important point, isn’t it? As a junior sub editor we offer a starting salary of 150,000 HK dollars per annum. This doesn’t include a generous housing allowance also.
I understand. And are there other bonuses included?
Well, apart from full health insurance we do offer a company staff bonus scheme linked to readership numbers. But we could go through all the details of that at a later date.
Well, Mr. Parsons, I am flexible when it comes to salary. The opportunity to work in Hong Kong for you is the most important thing for me.
Excellent. Well, what other questions do you have Rebecca?

We need to take the accounts system offline to carry out the upgrade. But don't worry, it won't cause too much inconvenience. We're going to do it over the weekend.
How long will the system be down for?
We'll be taking everything offline in about two hours' time. It'll be down for a minimum of twelve hours. If everything goes according to plan, it should be up again by 6 pm on Saturday.
That's fine. We've allowed forty-eight hours to be on the safe side.

Welcome to IBA. Can I help you?
Yes, please. I'm here for an International Settlement. Our company has to effect payment, and it needs to be done today. Here's the advice slip for the payment.
Thanks. I'm sorry to say that you need to get this stamped. There is no stamp on this slip and it is essential before I can process it for you.
I see. So, I need to stamp it. And sign it too?
Yes, that's right. Down here, at the bottom right hand corner to show that you agree to pay the printed amount.
I'll go back to the office and get it sorted and pop back later.
Thanks, bye for now.

That's the warehouse where the large items of office equipment are stored. If I ordered a desk today, how would it be before I got delivery in Scotland?
Well, I think perhaps you'd better speak to our Production Manager, Mr. Yao. You'll meet him when we go over to the factory.

Excuse me. I have just missed the connection plane due to the heavy fog in London. Can I change my ticket now?
Please Show your ticket and passport.
Here you are.
Which flight do you want to change?
The next one to my destination. I have to be there as soon as possible.

Hi, can I speak with the apartment manager, please?
Hello, this is the apartment manager speaking.
I'm calling about the apartment for rent on Main Street.
Would you be interested in seeing the apartment?
I would love to see it.
Are you free today at around 6 p. m.?
Yes, I will be able to make it then.
Well, I'll see you at 6 p. m. Do you know how to get there?
I used to live in that area.
I'll give you an application form when I see you.
That sounds good. Do I need to bring anything?
No. Just bring yourself.

Good afternoon. Welcome to China. May I see your passport, customs and health declaration form?
Yes, here you are.
Thank you. W hat's your occupation, Mr. Smith?
I'm the general manager of the Far-East Industry Corporation. You are here on business, aren't you?
Yes, I have been invited by the East Import
I see. Do you have anything to declare?
Yes, I have some foreign currency to declare.
Would you please fill out this currency declaration form? It's a record of the foreign currency you have brought in.
All right.

How much does it cost for a bus pass?
It'll be $ 65 for a monthly pass.
Is there anything cheaper than that?
If you're in school, you can get a student pass.
Well, I am how much will that cost?
The pass is free.
I don't have to pay for anything?
You'll only have to pay for the monthly sticker.
How much is the monthly sticker?
It's $ 24 for each month.
I'll take the student bus pass.
Okay, I'll get you one.

I see there are some workmen on the site. When is the building work due to start?
Well, it'll take three weeks to demolish the old building and clear away the debris. We should be ready to start the construction work in week 23.
How long will the sub contractors be on site?
About ten weeks in total if everything goes according to plan.
I'm sure it will.
So, we should be able to start moving the machinery in during week 34.
I'll confirm that date with our suppliers.

Andrew's Hair Salon, this is Andrew.
Andrew, this is Linda Chen.
Hi Linda, what can I do for you?
I need to set up an appointment to get my hair fixed.
For what day?
Tuesday morning.

Have you bought a bus pass yet?
I'm not getting one.
Why is that?
It's cheaper if I don't buy one.
Buying a bus pass will save you money. How do you figure that?
There's no limit to how often you can use your bus pass.
Really? Plus, you don't have to use change for the bus anymore.
I like that.
You want to buy one now?
I'm going to.

Are you ready to order, sir?
Yes, I would like a roast duck and my friend wants steaks.
How do you like your steaks?
I'd like it medium-well.
OK, sir, wait a minute.

Hello, I want to know how much it costs to have a manicure and pedicure.
Usually it's 60 dollars for a manicure, and 80 dollars for a pedicure. But with this special discount, the total for both is only one hundred and 20 dollars, and you can get them painted.
That's nice. I'd like to give it a try. I think I like passion red. please.
Alright.Do you want your cuticles cut, too?
No. Would you like the shapes square or round?
Square. But with round at the edges, please.
All right, it's done. Please follow me to the drying section. How long will it take to get them dry?
Ten or about five minutes. You'll be all set.
I see, thank you.

Hello, this is Lucy. May I speak to Mr. Smith?
Oh, hello, Lucy. What's up?
I'm afraid I can't come to work today, Mr. Smith.
Oh, what's wrong with you?
I've got a fever and a very sore throat.
Well, you sound ill over the phone.
Yes. I have to stay in bed today, but I'll be able to come tomorrow.
That's all right. Have a good rest until you feel well enough.
Thank you, Mr. Smith. Goodbye.
Goodbye, Lucy.

Waiter, we have been waiting for 20 minutes. Would you mind hurrying?
I am sorry, sir, the fish you ordered will take a longer time because we make it with fresh fish.
That's fine. Would you please bring me some wine?
Sure, is dry white wine OK?
Yes.
Thank you.

Hi Bob, I won't be in work tomorrow.
Why, what's the problem?
I have a dentist appointment.
Okay.

I've come about your wools. According to our market survey, wools are likely to find a ready market in our country.
Wonderful?! We can meet your requirements and the offer is ready for you. Here it is. The unit price is USD 15.00 per kilogram.
Do you quote CIF or FOB?
It's FOB Shanghai. Could you quote the price of CIF Hamburg?
Certainly, that's easy. We will work out our CIF offer this evening. Could you come again tomorrow, say, at 10 AM?
Okay, see you tomorrow?!

Hi?! Do you want a fill-up?
Yes, please. Which type of gas do you want? Regular, Super, or Premium Unleaded?
What's the price difference?
Regular is $ 1.15, Super is $ 1.25 and Premium is $ 1.39.
Just fill it up with Regular, Unleaded, please. Do you want me to check the tires and the fluids?
Yes, I would. Thanks a lot.

Is your father in the habit of having naps?
Yes, all of us have naps.
Don't you feel dizzy when you have to get up?
No, not at all.

Excuse me. I need some storybooks in easy English. Do you have anything likethat?
Well, there are a lot of storybooks upstairs in our children's section. Some are written for young children, others for teens. Maybe some of them will suit your needs.
I'll go take a look. Thanks for your help.
You're welcome.

Good morning. I need to speak with the property manager, please.
Good morning. You are speaking to the property manager.
While it was raining last night, water started leaking in from the ceiling.
Was it leaking in the bedroom?
It was in the living room.
Can you tell me which floor you are on?
We are on the bottom floor.
I would like to look at the leak. Will you be home this morning?
Yes, someone will be here to let you in.
Just in case you have to leave, we will just use the master key.

How much is your last salary?
I have earned 10,000 a year including bonuses.
How much do you want us to pay you?
I like to be paid more than that. Hopefully, 150,000 a year.
To be honest, I left the company to get more income.

I hope you can help. I've got a bit of a problem with your ATM.
Of course, that's my job. Oh, dear. What's happened?
Well, it's eaten my card?! It won't give it back?!
I see... calm down, don't worry. May I ask what were you doing when it took your card?
Yes. I was only entering my PIN. I'm terrible at remembering it, I'm so forgetful, you see.
Mmmm... and exactly how many times did you enter it, please?
Maybe three times. As I said, I always forget it.
Ah?! Don't worry ; it's just a security measure. If someone uses a card and cannot get the right PIN after three attempts, the bank keeps the card in case it's stolen. Just contact the bank and we'll get it back to you.
Oh, I see. So if I call my branch they can sort everything out for me?
Yes, they'll be happy to help. Believe me, it happens to many people.
I'd better try harder to memorise my PIN in future. Thanks.

Is this the counter to pick up parcels?
Yes, it is. I want to pick up my parcels.
Please show me your parcel order.
OK. Here you are.
Let me check your parcel number. Song Ping's parcel number should be CP 06230221 5 CN.
Here is your parcel.
Thank you.
Not at all.

Hi Brittany. What are you doing with all of your clothes on your bed?
I'm trying to decide what to wear to school the first day.
Oh, A. Mom didn't tell you?
Didn't tell me what?
What? This Bs' school you're going to is going to make your life easy.
What are you talking about brother? Spill it.
Uniforms, sis, no more worrying about appearances?!
You mean I have to wear the same thing every day?
MOM?!

What would you like for your main dish?
Steak, please.
How would you like it?
Medium rare, please.
Anything else, sir? May I have a glass of red wine, please?
Of course.

Mr. Smith, do you like the hotel we booked?
Yes, we do. We like it very much.
I've come to make sure that your stay in Beijing is a pleasant one.
Thank you so much.

David, we have been doing business for three years, haven't we?
Yes, I'm glad we've had very pleasant cooperation in the previous years.
And your achievement for promoting our clothes was great in the three years. So, I wish to apply for the sole agency of your product in our local market. If you give us the agency, that will be more substantial for our cooperation.
To be frank, you are not the only one who applies for an agent for us in your country. I'd like to know some ideas of terms on which you would be willing to operate as our agent.
As we are a well-established company, we are very familiar with the customers' needs. Besides, we can make full use of our good connections with the wholesalers and retailers here and develop a good market for your products if appointed as your agent.
Sounds reasonable. I will tell my boss about you agent application. Another question, what do you think is the minimum annual sales you can guarantee?
To be on the safe side, and for garment of all materials, sizes, and styles, I think the amount will be 50,000 pieces a year.
Well. As our sole agency, you will neither handle the same or similar products of other origins nor re-export our goods to any other area outside your own.
No, certainly not.

Excuse me. I bought this circulator here yesterday but it doesn't work.
Oh, let's see what's wrong.

Where can I find the produce?
Aisle A is where you'll find all the produce.
What sales do they have today?
I'm sure something is on sale. Please check with the produce person.

Hello, this is Steven from Blue Sky Co. May I speak to Mr. James?
Speaking.
Excuse my troubling you. You purchased our products last year and now I am following up to find out about their workings. Are they still in good condition now?
Yeah, exactly?! I bought them last year. En... at present, they are still in good state.
That's it?! All of them have first-class quality and performance. Besides, we adopt advanced technology. Now we have developed new products. They are much better than what you have bought.
Your company is developing so fast. Maybe later on I will plan to buy more.
That's great?! Thanks for your support. If any, please remember to call us.
I am afraid I have to say goodbye now?!
Bye, Mr. James?!
Bye?!

Ms.Dawson, I need you to take a dictation for me.
Yes, sir... This should go out as an intra-office memorandum to all employees by this afternoon.Are you ready?
Yes, sir.Go ahead.
Attention all staff... Effective immediately, all office communications are restricted to email correspondence and official memos.The use of Instant Message programs by employees during working hours is strictly prohibited.
Sir, does this apply to intra-office communications only? Or will it also restrict external communications?
It should apply to all communications, not only in this office between employees, but also any outside communications.
But sir, many employees use Instant Messaging to communicate with their clients.
They will just have to change their communication methods. I don't want any - one using Instant Messaging in this office.It wastes too much time?! Now, please continue with the memo.Where were we?
This applies to internal and external communications.
Yes.Any employee who persists in using Instant Messaging will first receive a warning and be placed on probation.At second offense, the employee will face termination.Any questions regarding this new policy may be directed to department heads. Is that all?
Yes.Please get this memo typed up and distributed to all employees before 4 pm.

Do you have everything?
Let's see... my ID card, my passport, and my suitcase. I'm pretty sure I've got everything.

This is Dunlin. Is this Mrs Smith speaking?
Yes, what can I do for you?
I just want to call and say thank you for letting me interview yesterday.
You are welcome, Mr. Sun.
And I also want to know what the status is of the position.
Sorry, we haven't made the decision at all. But we should be making the decision by the end of this week. And we'll get in touch with you once we make it.
Do you have any questions we didn't cover in the interview?
No. Thank you, I am looking forward to hearing from you. Bye-bye.
Thank you for the calling. Bye-bye.

I often sneeze after having a bad itch inside my nose. Sometimes this is accompanied by an itching throat.
Any other discomfort?
Yes. Sometimes I can notice a constriction in the chest and shortness of breath after a fit of sneezing. And I often suffer from a running nose with a profuse watery discharge.
Does it occur seasonally or all year round?
It has been seasonal during these past three years.
Are you sensitive to other things?
Yes, things like seafood and penicillin-type drugs.
OK. Let me examine your nose. According to your case history and the examination, I believe that it's allergic rhinitis.
What useful treatment can you offer?
I'll give you a series of specific skin tests. Then we'll know exactly what substances you're allergic to. Then I'll give you some causes of desensitization therapy.

Miss, would you like to try this free sample of our new suntan cream?
Sure, why not?
This is a new product of company this year. It's oil-free.
I see. It feels very light on the skin.
It gives your skin a very natural healthy look. I like the cool smell, too.

So how can I make it?
First you make a list of what you wanna buy...
But I’Ve gotta have the budge before anything else.
Well, that’s a problem, isn’t it?

Did you have a part-time job when you were still in school?
No, I was way too busy studying all the time. How about you?
Yeah, I worked about twenty hours a week in a pizza restaurant.
What was that like?
It was always very busy there. What did you do?
I stood behind the register and took pizza orders.
Did you get any perks on the job?
Yeah, I got to eat as much pizza as I could for free.

Okay. I'd like to change some euro into US dollars, please.
Sure. How much would you like to change?
Six hundred euro.
Very good. May I see your passport?
Here you are.
How would you like your bills?
In fifties please.

Why are you reading the classifieds? What do you need?
I'm looking for a bookcase, but I don't want to buy a new one.
Are you having any luck?
Not really. There aren't any used bookcases listed. But there are a few rummage sales on Saturday. I think I'll go to them.
Do you mind if I go with you?
Not at all. These private sales are great places to bargain. And sometimes you can find terrific things among all the junk.
I learned to negotiate from my mother. I thought I was pretty good at bargaining, but I had a problem the other day at Kimble's Department Store.
What happened?
I wanted to buy a beautiful wool sweater for my girlfriend. It was priced at forty dollars, so I started by offering the salesclerk thirty.

Do you do a lot of your shopping online?
Not really. I like looking on the internet at what’s available, but I usually prefer to actually see and touch what I’m buying before I pay for it. Sometimes, I’ll look at something in a shop, but lat No. I’m a little worried about security. You never know who’s trying to find out your codes and passwords. Aren’t you worry about that?
Not really. I know that it happens, but if you buy from reputable companies with secure websites, you should be ok.
Even though I use online shopping facilities, I don’t think it’s the best way to sho
I’m surprised to hear you say that. I thought you loved anything technological.
I do. I’m a big fan of using new technology, but I don’t want to sit in front of a computer screen all day. I think people need to get out and interact with other people. So, how about coming to the department store with me? I want to see if there are any new summer clothes on sale yet.
Sure. I’d love to join you. Can we stop by the computer store? I just want to see if they have something.
Sure. While you’re in the computer store. I will visit the book store opposite. I like to browse through their books and see if they have anything interesting.
Ok. I’Ve finished online. Let’s go.
I’ll just get some money and my credit card.
Thanks for reminding me. I had forgotten to get mine.

Please help yourself at your dishes. I hope you’ll enjoy what you’Ve got.
It suits my taste. You are really a good cook.
Would you like to try my special recipe?
Wow, let me try. It tastes nice.
How did you make it?
It’s as easy as pie. I always follow recipes.

Mr. Dick. Does the recommendation of the university play an important role?
Yes. In fact, the recommendation letter written by the university is an indirect self-recommendation. In the long period of cooperation, the university has established good relationship with the companies or organizations, they trust each other well. If your university recommends you, you can be approved more easily.
But I find that most of the recommendation letters written by universities are the same. So I doubt its authority.
More and more persons have the same discoveries since most universities do that in order to save energy. If your university also does like this, you can look for other methods, because such kinds of recommendations say nothing for you. Could you tell me whether or not I send out my resume with it?
It depends. If it has something special or useful, I suggest you send it out.

Taylor, can you tell me how to apply for a job on the Internet?
Just fill out an application. Do I have to send an E-mail?
You are expected to know the E-mail address of the unit.
But I still don't know which unit is in need of staff. Send out an application through Job-wanted on the website.
Can any unit see my information?
It's a two-way choice. And your application will be read.
Which websites offer this service?
Sina, 21st Century Talent Net, and a few others.
Thank you.

Don’t throw your weight around. I can’t bear you any more.
I dare you to say that again.

Were you a leader when you were in college?
Yes. I was Propaganda department minister of our university.
Did you get any honors or awards at your university?
No. It’s a pity about it.
Were you involved in any club activities at your university?
Yes. I was a member of the basketball Society. I like playing basketball.
What extracurricular activities did you usually take part in at your college?
I sometimes played basketball and sometimes played football.

You want to argue your ticket today?
Yes. That is why I'm here.
Tell me your argument.
I was pulled over for allegedly speeding.
Are you sure you weren't speeding?
To be honest, I really wasn't.
What speed were you going?
I was under the speed limit. I was going 35, when the speed limit was 40.
I'm just going to let you go, since the arresting officer isn't here.
What about my ticket? Do I still need to pay?
Don't worry about it.
I'm so glad for your help.

Annie, do you like shopping online?
Yes, I like it, because it's convenient. Last week, I tried to buy a new cellphone online, but I didn't know how to pay for it.
First, you should open an account at the online bank. After that, you can buy anything you want online.
Are there many things online?
Sure. You can find everything all over the world. Let's check it out online?!
( They log in a shopping website. ) That's amazing. Oh, an on line virtual supermarket? Let's click to check it out. Oh, I got it. It simulates the real supermarket, which makes it feel so real.
Mom will love it. She loves shopping in supermarkets.

Ah, Bob. Just the person I wanted to see.
So what is it?
You gotta help me out this time, buddy.
Another tough thing, I guess.

Hey?! What happened??! My song was only half way through and it skipped to the next song.
I don't know what happened?! You cancelled the song, didn't you, Jack?
No, I didn't.
Really?! Then, is the machine broken or...

Good evening, Do you have a reservation?
Yes. The reservation under Mr. Watson.
Ah, yes, a table for four at 8 Em, no, thanks. I think we'll go straight to the table, By the way. may I check my overcoat here?
Certainly, sir. We'll keep it in the cloakroom for you. Here is your number. When you leave, show it to the waiter behind the counter, please.
Thank you. Could you show us to our table now? Would you please follow me, please?
Thank you. This is your table. It's Number 10.

Hello, ma’am. Can I help you? I’m looking for a sweater.
What size are you looking for?
Well, I’m looking for size 10 but you don’t have it.
How about this one? I think it looks terrific on you.
Yes, I like the color. Can I try it on?
Sure. The fitting room is on your right.
It fits well. I like it a lot. What do you think?
You look pretty in red.
Oh, it’s my favorite. How much is it?
$ 29.99.
Okay. I’ll take it. Thank you very much for your help.
You’re welcome.

Do you have any cars available?
We have only one mid-size car left.
Great, what's the rate per day?
It's 40 $ plus tax per day on limited mileage.
I'm going to need it for three days. Can I see your driver's license?
Sure, here is my driver's license.
Please sign here.

Are you ready to order? I think that we have a pretty good idea of what we would like to order.
Let me tell you about the specials of the day, which are chicken in a wine sauce with capers, and grilled garlic shrimp.
I was wondering if the chef could leave off the sauce.
The chef would be happy to accommodate your special requests.
I am a vegetarian. Do you have any vegetarian selections?
You could choose the roasted vegetable and garlic pizza or the goat cheese and candied walnut salad.
I think that we will split the roasted vegetable and garlic pizza.
That is a good selection, and I can bring your salads now or serve them with your entree.
You can bring us our salads when you bring us our entree.

I can't open this email attachment our Paris office has sent me. Are you sure you're using the right program?
Well, yes it's definitely the same program but I might have the wrong version. Their system is newer than ours.
That's why you can't open it. You'll have to upgrade before you can read the file.

What kind of character do you think you have?
Generally speaking, l am an open-minded person.
What is your strongest trait?
Cheerfulness and friendliness.
How would your friends or colleagues describe you?
They say Mr. Sun is a friendly, sensitive, caring and determined person.
What personality do you admire?
I admire a person who is honest, flexible and easy-going.
How do you get along with others?
I get on well with others.

Hi, I need to make an appointment to see the doctor.
What seems to be the problem?
I have a rash that I need a doctor to look at.
Do you have a fever with that rash?
No, it just itches a lot.
I have openings on Tuesday or Wednesday. Which would be best for you?
I need an appointment on Tuesday.
Fine, I am putting you down for 9
I would like to see Dr. Jones.
I can schedule you with him with no problem.
We look forward to seeing you.

Wow?! What's the hold up?
It’s probably just people trying to get an early start out of the city for the weekend. Nobody sticks around in the summer.
Really? Then, I guess I won’t have a hard time finding a room or getting a cab?
Actually, you might because there’s a big convention in town this weekend.
I’m not too worried about it. I always seem to find something.

Hello, how can I help you today?
I'd like to withdraw some money from my account.
Please fill out this slip stating how much you wish to withdraw.
Well, actually, it's quite a substantial amount. Here's my Bank Book. Will that cause a problem?
On your account there is no limit to over the counter withdrawals, it won't cause a problem.
Here's your money, 10,000 RIB. Please count it before you leave.
Yes, that seems to be all in order. Thanks very much.

Quality is very important to us. We work to very low tolerance levels. We need to have guaranteed supplies of consistently high quality raw materials. Over the years we've built up very good relationships with our suppliers.
Do you have many different suppliers?
Yes. There are about fifty names on our approved supplier list, but for raw materials we tend to deal with three local companies.

Mary, can you tell me how you keep in shape?
You'll never be in shape until you eat less and take more exercise. Now, tell me what you often eat.
I often eat fish and eggs. Do you eat a lot of vegetables?
Oh yes, and fruits. I love fruits very much.
What do you like to drink?
Well, I never drink alcohol, coffee or tea. Whatever would you like to drink?
I drink a lot of milk. I drink milk almost every day. How often do you exercise?
Well, I walk every day. It's a good diet and a regular exercise.
Yes, quite right.

I am sorry, but I cannot stay for the rest of class today.
Why do you need to leave early?
I don’t feel so good. What doesn’t feel right?
I feel as if I am going to be sick to my stomach.
Perhaps you should get checked out at the Student Health Center before you go home.
I have some medicine at home that I could take.
Are you going to be OK to drive home, or would you like someone to go with you?
Thank you, but my friend is in the library, and he can give me a ride home.
We hope that you are feeling better soon. E-mail me if you have any questions.

Your boyfriend is so considerate to you. When do you plan to marry?
It’s still up in the air. There is something wrong between us.

We're considering of ordering 200 computers, but I'm wondering about the price you'll possibly offer.
Our price will be not less than $ 5000.
Your price is higher than I expected. Could you give us a little discount?
This is already our best price. But the price is always negotiable and you should consider our quantity of order.
Well, what would you suggest? Could you make it $ 4500?
I'm afraid that there is no room to negotiate the price. This is the best price we can quote.
Can we meet each other half way?
What do you mean? Let's close the deal at $ 4800, OK?
You drive a hard bargain?! OK, that's a deal.

I'm now on the Songshan airport getting ready for departure. I realized that I might have left my watch.
Yes, Ma'am. May I have your name and room number?
My name is Terry. I stayed last night in your hotel in room 132. What kind of watch is it?
It's a brand-new Seiko wrist watch.
Yes, we have it.
Oh, I'm glad to hear that. Would you kindly send it to the Hilton Hotel?

What are your thoughts on the apartment?
I think that it’s absolutely gorgeous.
There aren’t any problems with the apartment?
I think that the apartment looks very nice, but I do see some problems.
What problems?
I did notice a few stains in the carpet.
We will have the carpet cleaned before you move in.
You will?
Yes, but other than that, are there any more problems?
That was the only thing that I saw that was wrong with the apartment.
I’m happy that you find this apartment so appealing.
It is. I love it.

That China-gown of Tang-Dynasty style is so beautiful. Would you show it to me, please?
Absolutely. Here it is.
Could I try it on?
Please do, the fitting-room is over there.
It feels a little tight around the waist. Do you have a bigger one?
I'm sorry. We don't have this color in your size. We have some green ones in your size. Would you please have a look at this green one?
OK. How much does it cost?
It's 486 yuan.
Mmm, it is reasonable.

Mrs. Wang, would you give us an idea of the price you regard as workable?
As I said before, your price is so high that we find it difficult to make a bid. We hope you will take the initiative and bridge the gap.
Just to comply, we're ready to reduce the price by 5 percent. I hope this concession of ours will get the ball rolling.
So do we. Certainly it's a step forward on your side. But the gap is still too wide.
The ball is in your court, Mrs.Wang. What price would you suggest?
To make your offer workable, I think you should take another step down as big as the one you've just taken.
That won't do. You see, our profit margin is very narrow. It simply can't stand such a big cut.
I hate to disappoint you, Mr. Brown, but if that's the case, we have no alternative but to cover our requirements elsewhere.
Do think it over, please. We sincerely hope our discussion will come to a successful conclusion.
Well, I'm not authorized to agree to such a big reduction. Would you mind waiting a day or two, until I get a reply from the home office?
Not at all. Shall we meet again, say, on Friday morning?
Good. Friday morning at 9.

Good morning. Good morning.This is Mary.Can I speak to Anne please?
I’m sorry She isn’t in at the moment. She will come back at half past nineCan I take a message for her?
Thank you.But I will call her later
OK.Goodbye.
Goodbye.

Hi, Jane. How are you doing this morning?
I’m all right, thanks. Just a little tired.
Late night?
Yeah, I got home around two.

We've been waiting here for nearly ten minutes now, and there still isn't a bus in sight. I'm afraid we'll be late for the party. Have you got the time, Tom?
Yes, my watch says a quarter to seven. but there is something wrong with my watch?!
But you bought it only last month.
Yes, but ever since I bought it, it gains about five minutes a day, so I' Ve got to have it repaired.
How long will it take us to get there?
I think about ten minutes by bus.
It's not far away, then. Let's walk, it's beginning to rain.
Wait?! I think I see a bus coming now.
Let's hope it's the No. 22 bus.

Hi, Mr. Smith. I'm Doctor Hawkins. Why are you here today?
I found it would be a good idea to get a check-up.
Yes, well, you haven't had one for 5 years. You should have one every year.
I know. I figure as long as there is nothing wrong, why go see the doctor?
Well, the best way to avoid serious illnesses is to find out about them early. So try to come at least once a year for your own good.
Ok. Let me see here. Your eyes and ears look fine. Take a deep breath, please. Do you smoke, Mr. Smith?
Yes.
Smoking is the leading cause of lung cancer and heart disease, you know. You really should quit.
I've tried hundreds of times, but I just can't seem to kick the habit.
Well, we have classes and some medications that might help. I'll give you more information before you leave.
Ok, thanks doctor.

Good afternoon. Mr. Tylor's office?
I'm afraid you've got the wrong extension.
I'm sorry, but could you please transfer this call to Mr. Tylor's office?
Sure, please hold on.
Thank you. Now Mr. Tylor's on the line. Go ahead, please.
You are so kind, you helped me a lot.
You are welcome. Bye?!

Good afternoon, Lexington Software. Angelina Dawson, how can I help?
Hello, this is Quinn from IBA.
Ah, hello Quinn. Oh dear, you are calling to tell me there is a problem, aren't you?
I'm afraid so, yes.
Hmm... well, it was my first attempt?! Is it a very big mistake, or can we just alter it?
Unfortunately it's rather a big mistake.
What do you recommend we do?
I would recommend we scrap this one and you bring in another set as soon as possible.
I trust your judgement. Thank you, Quinn. I'll be back tomorrow with a new set. Bye for now.

Oh?!?!?! I have a horrible toothache.
You should go to the dentist.
I hate dentists.
Well, suffer then. If you have a toothache, you have to go to the dentist. It always hurts.
I hate going.
Stop being such a baby. If it really hurts that much, just let them knock you out.
O. K., O. K., I’ll go.
Good. You'll feel better after you do.

Hi, I would like to purchase a one way ticket to Brussels, please.
Certainly sir, this is our train schedule. We have an express train departing every morning and an overnight train that departs at nine pm.
How long does it take to get there?
About twelve hours. We currently have tickets available only for first class on the express train. If you’d like, you can choose a sleeper on the overnight train which is a bit less expensive.
Yeah, I think that is the best option. Do you serve food on the train? Twelve hours is such a long time?!
Yes, of course. There is a dining car towards the front of the train where they serve meals at all times. We do provide complimentary water and coffee for all of our passengers.
Great?! I’ll take it. Here you are sir. Your train leaves from platform number nine at nine on the dot. Remember to be here at least thirty minutes before your scheduled departure time or else you might miss your train?!
I understand. Thank you very much?! Have a great trip.

I would like to take a trip to the beach this weekend.
A trip to the beach would be fun. How is the weather going to be?
The forecast says that it will be warm on the weekend.
So do you think it'll be perfect weather for the beach?
It sounds like it will be. I really hope it doesn't get cold. That would ruin things, I want to go so badly.
The weather in California is unpredictable, so you never know.
That is true. The weather is constantly changing. It would be nice if the weather would never change.
That would be great, then we could plan things sooner. True.
Predictable weather would make life easier.

Some companies use to ban dating among employees, but now they have realized it is something in avertable. People spend so much time at work. It is not surprising for one to have a crash on the other. If we think positively, office love can be beneficial to company.
Beneficial? I don’t think so. If two employees get married, they will leave at the same time for a honeymoon, or later one of them will stay at home taking care of babies. If they break up, the company will probably have to relocate one of them to make the workplace more comfortable. By any means, the company must spare extra efforts to solve problems brought by an office dating.
But if two employees are in love, they will be happy. Happy people are more productive. If they develop an intimate relation with each other, they are willing to share knowledge and experience. It can help to improve work efficiency.
I doubt that.

Do you eat a lot of healthy food?
Compared with healthy food, unhealthy food just tastes so much better. And anyway, I believe if you live a low stress Life and are active, you can get away with eating whatever you like. It's all in the mind.
You have the point. I think cancer is caused by more worry than by the things we consume. Some good things you should try are cranberry juice, wild rice and yoghurt.
What's special about these things?
Cranberry juice is very good for destroying harmful bacteria in your guts because it's very acidic. Wild rice is high in fibre so it's good for your guts and it's high in protein and minerals-I think it's also tastier than normal rice. Yoghurt's good because it's also rich in protein, vitamins and is also acidic. People have been making yoghurt for thousands of years and if you have it every day, your guts will be much more settled.
Thanks. I'm going to follow your advice and pop down to the supermarket right now.

I've been so tired recently. I've been trying, but I don't think I'm up to this job.
You need to take a break, maybe a vacation. Oh, yes, indeed. I've run out of steam.
To be honest, I want to be in a different environment.
Is that so?
Yes, I don't want to be stuck in a rut. I want to move on.
Have you decided?
Yes. I want to get a better job.
Could you tell me why you want to quit?
I quit just because of the dissatisfying salary and the trouble in getting along with my colleagues.
Oh, that's terrible. Do you want to get a higher salary in our company?
I'm afraid not. I've promised my girlfriend. We'll travel southwards to find a job that offers higher pay.
OK, I'd like to say that I've really enjoyed working with you. However, I think you should work harder for your new job and then you can ask for higher pay.
Thank you so much for your advice. And every best wish for your new job.
Thank you.

The train is leaving. Hurry up?! Which car are we in?
Let me see. Oh, No. 11. Here we are, Car 11. Let's get in.
Seats No. 20 and 21. It’s nice that we’Ve got a window seat.
Let's put our suitcases on the rack.
Oh, the baggage rack is full. Put them under the seat for the time being.
All right.

So, how should we get to the theatre? Let's take the bus.
I hate the bus system in London?! The bus drivers are rude, the buses are never on time, and there are few people around who can help you.
It's not that bad. You probably just had a bad experience once.
It wasn't just once. Every single time I take the bus, something bad happens to me or to someone else on the bus.
We could take the subway, but we'd have to go three stops along one line and then change trains twice. Train fares are twice as expensive as the bus fare, too.
If we don't hurry up, we'll miss the show. Should we take the bus?
We're already late, so I think we had better take a taxi.
I don't think we'll be able to find a taxi very easily during hush hours. Let's just take the bus.
Fine. Have a look at the timetable to find out when the next one arrives.
It looks like it should be here in just a few minutes. don't worry. Nothing bad will happen. I'll even buy your ticket for you.
Thanks, that was nice of you.
See, now something good has happened to you on a bus trip?!

Let's go over this plan again. From Vancouver, we bike along the border all the way to Winnipeg. And that is mostly flat, right?
Relatively, once we're out of Alberta, anyway. Then it's hills again in Aitoba.
And from Winnipeg we go around the lakes through Toronto, right?
That's right. And up in to Quebec. And that's where we stop.
It doesn't sound like that much when we go over the plan but that's a long, long ride. Are you ready for the cross country of a lifetime?

Good morning, sir. What can I do for you?
I'm Bill. I'm in Room 908. Can you change the room for me? It's too noisy. My wife was woken up several times by the noise the baggage elevator made. She said it was too much for her.
I'm awfully sorry, sir. I do apologize. Room 908 is at the end of the corridor. It's possible that the noise is heard early in the morning when all is quiet.
Anyhow, I'd like to change our room.
No problem, sir. We'll manage it, but we don't have any spare room today. Could you wait till tomorrow? The American People-to-people Education Delegation will be leaving tomorrow morning. There'll be some rooms for you to choose from.
All right. I hope we'll be able to enjoy our stay in a quiet suite tomorrow evening and have a sound sleep.
Be sure. I'll make a note of that. Everything will be taken care of. And if there is anything more you need, please let us know.

It's time for bed.
I'm not ready to go to sleep. I'm not tired.
It's quite late, and you have an early day tomorrow.
I'm not going to be able to fall asleep.
Why don't you try counting sheep?
I've tried that before. It really doesn't work.
That's beside the point, you still need to go to bed.
Why can't I just stay up until I fall asleep?
If I let you do that, then you're just going to be up all night.
I promise I'll go to sleep soon.
No, you're going to sleep now, so good night.
See you in the morning.

I see myself as being honest, diligent, persevering and creative. And I have a strong sense of responsibility.
How about your psychological resilience?
I think I can work well under pressure, if necessary.
How would you deal with those who are not easy to get along with?
I will just be sincere and friendly to others, and I believe they will treat me the same way.
You seem to be a kind-hearted lady.
Thank you. I simply believe the goodness of human nature.
Please tell me your weaknesses if you can.
I should admit that sometimes I care too much about the details. I am always in pursuit of perfection.

Karen? I need to go over a few things with you.
Certainly. Mr. Graham. When would you like to meet?
I was thinking about this afternoon, after the sales meeting.
Fine. At 3:30?

I believe we' Ve met before. My name's David.
Yes, at your company, I think. I'm Frank.
Oh, I remember now.Very nice to meet you again.
Nice meeting you, too.

I made my little brother cry.
Shame on you?!

I need some mascara. Do you have good thickening mascara?
Of course. Here is our thickening mascara. We also have mascara designed to lengthen the eyelashes.
Alright. And I want to consider your eye shadow too. Do you have a color chart can look at?
We have a very wide selection of colors. And our eye shadow is specially designed to moisturize the skin. So it is very gentle on your eyelids. Would you like to sample some?
Oh, sure I will need to clean off my own eye shadow first.
I can help you with that.
Thank you.

Is this the baggage claim area for flight KB256?
Yes, we are on the same plane.
But I am a transfer passenger. I have a connecting flight to Miami.
So you have to bring your baggage to the transfer check-in area.
Yes.It' s quite troublesome. Why not go and find a porter?

Billy, you don’t look too well. Maybe you should take the day off school.
But Mom?! Today we’re playing football?! I love football?!
You’Ve got a fever and playing football isn’t a good idea for a boy with a fever.
What’s that on your arm?
I don’t know. It was there when I woke up this morning.
It’s rash. I’d better take you to see the doctor.
How did you get that bruise on your leg?
I bashed it against the chair in my room.
Does it hurt?
A little, but not much. Here. Put this wet towel on your face to keep your temperature down. I’ll take you to the doctor’s after breakfast.
If I’m better this afternoon, can I go to school?
If you are better, but I doubt you will be.

This is your schedule.
You're going out of your way for us, I believe.
You are our honored guests.

Are there any vacancies still available?
Yes. We need a plumber here.
I am looking for a job that is more advanced than that, such as sales manager or regional manager.
I am sorry. They are not available now.

My name is Mary, and I will be your waitress tonight.
Thank you, Mary. We have been looking forward to trying out this restaurant.
Before your main course, would you like to order an appetizer?
Sure, that sounds great. Where are your appetizers listed?
There is a special appetizer menu right here in the center of the table.
The chicken and cheese quesadilla looks good. Is that pretty good?
You know, that is one of my favorites?!
OK, I'll take one order of that.
You could choose another appetizer for half price to share.
Perfect?! Please add on an order of onion rings.

I am waiting for a fax but just now I found there's something wrong with the fax machine.
What's wrong with the fax machine? Is it urgent?
Yes, very urgent. And there is no other fax machine around. And the office of our boss is closed, so I can not use his machine either. And his secretary is out. Do you have any suggestion?
Either call this extension number 0085 or ask them to send the fax to you as e-mail, you print it out.

I would like to speak to you, if you don’t mind.
What would you like to speak to me about?
I would like to talk to you about this year’s election.
Is that right? I am a volunteer for this year’s campaign.
That’s wonderful. I am impressed at someone so young taking a stand. I know history is about to be made, and I would like to be a part of it.
That’s fantastic. Are you planning on voting?
I’m going to vote. Go to your polling place early on Election Day.
I will.
Good luck with your volunteering.

We hope that there will be no repetition of this kind of trouble in the future.
Yes. I promise it will not happen again.
We look forward to your settlement at an early date.
We will inform you as soon as possible.

Hello, Steven. How do you get along with your job?
Actually, I learn many things from it. I find that I am a quick learner in new things.
Practice makes perfect. By the way, what do you learn from your job?
At first I didn't know anything about the machine. Now I know how to operate it. Besides, the work gives me a sense of fulfillment and achievement.
Yeah, you are a good learner. I must commend you for your good performance.
Thank you. That's a long way to go for my job.
I appreciate your effort very much. The coffee break is over ; it's about time we set to work.
OK, let's go.

Where on earth are we?
Judging by all the traffic, I'd say we're near the outskirts of the city.
What did I do wrong? Did I take a wrong turn?
I'm not sure, but I think you turned right when you should have turned left on the flyover bridge.
Well, now we should turn back a few kilometres. It seems that the traffic sign is much more important than the map.

Hello. Front desk.
Yes. This is Bob Robinson. I’m calling from room number 627.
Hi, Bob. What can I do for you? Is it possible to change to another room?
Could you please tell me why? My room is facing the swimming pool. It’s noisy for me. I have a problem sleeping. And I feel uncomfortable when I take an elevator.
So you need a quiet side room on the lower floor.
You’re right. Okay. Let me check for a room on the first floor.
Thank you.
I’Ve only two rooms on the first floor. How about room 108?
That’s fine. Can I move now?
Sure. I’ll send the bellman to help you.
Oh, thank you kindly.
You’re welcome.

How long will it take for our order to be delivered?
Let's see. You are importing fifty containers of textiles from China. They should be able to place your order before the end of next week. It will take 2 days for shipping to the port city of Ningpo. The freight will take 3 weeks on the open ocean and will arrive in Los Angeles approximately a month from today. Domestic shipping will be your responsibility, you can make arrangements with the pier in Los Angeles.
Fine, we will handle domestic shipping, but what about customs? Will we have to pay tariff on our imports?
I hope we don't run into any problems with the border control.
No, the Chinese company has that all worked out. With the paperwork you receive with the shipment, you should be good to go.

Now you're my boss, Mr. Henry. Do you have any other particular conditions that you would like the company to take into consideration?
No, nothing in particular. You may ask questions about us, if you have any.
All right. When can I start?

What are you doing here today?
I would like to fight my ticket.
Is the arresting officer in the courtroom today?
Yes, the officer is here today. What's your case?
I was pulled over for running a red light, but I never did.
Do you believe that the officer lied?
There was a camera on the signal. So, he was obviously lying.
Your license plate was caught on camera?
A picture of my license plate was never taken.
Since there is no picture of your license plate on record, I'm going to let you go.
Thank you. I'm glad that you believe me.

Hey Joe, what are you doing in this department store?
Hi, Rita, I'm just looking for a pair of shoes. I won't be here for long.
Why not? When I go shoe shopping, I have so many options for sneakers that I spend awhile looking at all of the choices.
That's my problem. I don't have a lot of options. What do you mean?
This is a big store, isn't it?
Yes, but I have unusually big feet. That wouldn't be too much of a problem except that they're also very wide, and only a few brands sell shoes that I can fit into.
So how do you usually go about buying shoes, then?
Well, first of all, I can only go to certain stores that can guarantee me a large selection.
Well, you're in the right store. If they don't have it, no one will.
After that I choose something from one of the few brands that I know will fit me. I prefer white, so I ask them to bring me a pair of white sneakers in my size. Since I’m usually only given one or two pairs of shoes that meet my qualifications, it makes it a very easy choice.

what shall we do after the volleyball match?
how about going to the Olympic souvenir store to have a look? I remember there is one in the gym.
that's a good idea. I was thinking of buying some gifts for my family. me, too.
What did you have in mind?
I haven't decided yet, but I think the Olympic Mascots are a must.
I agree. They're very lovely, especially " Huan Huan ".
is that the red one? That is my favorite, too. Do you know how much they are?
the five dolls are sold together as a set, and they're priced according to the size. The bigger they are the more expensive.
oh, I see. If I buy more than a set, can I get any discount?
I don't think so. All the souvenirs of the Olympic Games are very hot right now.
any other ideas?
there are lots of things, such as postcards, key chains, posters and various arts and crafts.
it all sounds great. We can go there after the match. I can't wait to see what they have.

Mom?! I hate eating vegetables?!
You don’t have to eat them. I don’t mind.
Thanks mom?! Can I have dessert now? I love chocolate cake?!
No dessert for you unless you eat all your vegetables.
But I don’t like them?! It’s not fair?!
You can have some fruit for dessert. If you eat an apple and a banana, I might let you have a small piece of chocolate cake.
Ok... actually, I don’t mind eating peas and carrots, buy I hate broccoli and cauliflower.
I’ll remember that for next time. You’ll get extra peas and carrots, buy no broccoli or cauliflower. OK?
Thanks mom?!

It was very kind of you to give me a tour of the place. It gave me a good idea of your product range.
It’s a pleasure to show our factory to our customers. What’s your general impression, may I ask?
Very impressive, indeed, especially the speed of your NW Model. That’s our latest development. A product with high performance.
We put it on the market just two months ago. The machine gives you an edge over your competitors, I guess.
Certainly. No one can match us as far as speed is concerned.
Could you give me some brochures for that machine? And the price if possible.
Right. Here is our sales catalog and literature.
Thank you. I think we may be able to work together in the future.

Is the factory fully-automated?
Not completely. Our production process is partially-automated. We use robots on the production line for routine assembly jobs but some of the work is still done manually.
What about supply of parts to the production line?
Well, the parts are automatically selected from the store room using a bar-code system. And there is an automatic feeder which takes them to the conveyor belt at the start of the production line.
What about the smaller components?
They're transported to the workstations on automated vehicles - robot trucks - which run on guide rails around the factory.

I'm glad you're on your ten-year reunion planning committee.
Yeah, you get the TV to yourself while I spend my nights surfing the Net for missing classmates. That's not why. This way I can see how you guys do this sort of thing.
I guess. Don't you have reunions in Taiwan?
Definitely. Every year. But just for our forty-person class. Ours are for everyone that graduated in the same year.

What does your job involve?
I'm the Project Manager so I have to make sure our projects run smoothly. I work with three Project Engineers. They take care of after-sales service and look after the maintenance side of the business.

How many languages can you speak?
Besides Chinese, I can speak English and French. You mean you can read and write both of them?
No, I can only carry on a simple conversation in French.
Can you read and write English well?
I can speak the language better than read and write.
Do you speak the language well enough to communicate with people of English-speaking countries?
I think so. I used to be an interpreter. Do you think your English is good enough to do desk work?
The amount of English I know enables me to do general desk work. I believe what I know is sufficient to work in an American firm.